"10090 Sikorsky" was named in honour of Igor Sikorsky.
$11.2 million on its opening weekend.
; 1,370 m (4,500 ft) total; top 480 m (1,600 ft) is overhanging.
• 1999: Averna is founded, with 3 employees.
$200 million per month was spent.
; 21 February 1885 24 July 1957) was a French stage and movie actor, director, screenwriter, and playwright.
$3 million a year to make more versions of the game.
“4 Zotz” is the Haab' date.
; 7 November 1949 – 7 March 2019) was a French journalist and writer.
A 100-sec. exposure of a back-lit Rhea failed to find any evidence of rings.
A 14-month randomized clinical trial of treatment strategies for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
A 1794 fire destroyed the old church.
A 18-page copy consists of 237 lines.
A1 Grands Prix of Nations took place over a three-day period, from Friday to Sunday.
A 2005 survey by the British Cheese Board reported that Stilton seemed to cause unusual dreams, with 75% of men and 85% of women experiencing "odd and vivid" dreams after eating a 20-gram serving of the cheese half an hour prior to sleeping.
A 2010 study showed the discovery of a 30,000 year old mortar and pestle from which flour of several plants were isolated.
A 30th Anniversary Tour, starring Jodie Prenger ran in the UK from March 2017 to November 2017.
A 380 million year old fossil of one species is the oldest-known example of live birth.
A 5 year old girl set up a lemonade stand just outside the house in June 2013 to raise money for Planting Peace, who owns the Equality House.
A 630° senton is a move where a wrestler does a senton and flips 630 degrees forward before landing.
A 6th Division Marine demolition crew watches explosive charges detonate and destroy a Japanese cave, May 1945.
AADT is a useful and simple measurement of how busy the road is.
Aang, a 12-year-old boy, is the main hero of the story.
Aang can form an "
Aaron and their Sister Miriam to be the same of the Virgin Mary, this is not correct.
Aaron thinks that, at some unknown time in the future, Granger entered the box (for unknown reasons).
A baby may be given a name Wisdom because parents hope the baby will be a wise girl or boy.
A bad head injury can break some of the blood vessels in the brain.
A bad trip can lead to lasting bad memories and even mental harm.
A Bailey bridge did not need special tools or heavy equipment to put into place.
A band from London was named after one of his songs.
A Bank vole lives for an average of 18 to 20 months.
A bare assertion denies that an issue is debatable.
A bar or measure is used in writing music.
Abashk could prove himself to Karimi and was the starter in most of games.
A basilica was a good plan for a Christian church because lots of people could fit inside, and the aisles were useful for people to move around.
ABA studies operant behavior more than respondent because it can be controlled.
A battle took place in Brussels.
A Bayesian approach on molecules and behavior: reconsidering phylogenetic and evolutionary patterns of the Salamandridae with emphasis on Triturus newts.
ABC data can be used to find things that may be causing behavior.
Abdollahi played for Guard F.C. before he changed to Taj SC.
Abdominal compartment syndrome occurs when the abdominal cavity (compartment) within the body becomes subject to increased pressure from within.
`Abdu'l-Bahá spent most of his adult life in prison or under arrest, because of his father's new religion.
Abdul-Jabbar played in the NBA until 1989.
Abdulxashim Mutalov (born February 14, 1947) is an Uzbekistani politician.
A behavioral intervention must be explained very well.
A bell clap is a move where a wrestler slaps both of the ears of an opponent at the same time with the palms of their hands, mess up their balance.
Abhishek and Netra are heartbroken by this.
Abhishek tells Tanuja the truth about him, while Netra is not giving up and tries to separate them.
Abidjan was the capital before that.
Abigail Kinoiki Kekaulike Kawānanakoa (born April 23, 1926), sometimes called Kekau, is a member of the House of Kawānanakoa.
A big new Solar power station in Victoria is planned.
A bill to amend the constitution shall need a two-thirds majority in the lower house and a majority in the upper house.
A bird observatory was set up in 1953 as the island is on important migration routes.
Abkhazians or the Abkhaz (
A black mamba in a defensive position.
A blinking text cursor, stopped in the middle of typing the word Wikipedia.
A block of concrete was thrown through the windshield of his car and Martin's car struck a tree.
A blonde Barbie from this decade in mint condition has an appraisal price listing of five thousand-$5,250.
A bookkeeper is another term for an accountant, but can sometimes means a person who does accounting but maybe doesn't have as much formal education as an accountant.
A book of his work is published to honor the exhibition.
Aboriginal myths across Australia are a kind of unwritten (oral) library.
A bot will complete this citation soon.
About 100 buildings were built, including two hotels, the Ship Inn and the Woolpack.
About 1,045,986 people live in the city as of 2010.
About 1050 one Eilaf was put in charge of Hexham, although as treasurer of Durham, he probably never came there.
About 110 countries imported Pororo and aired it.
About 1,200 of all the asteroids in space are amor asteroids, with about 200 of them numbered, or given a number.
About 12 million people play baseball in the United States.
About 157 people live there and it has 3.98 km².
About 160,000 vehicles travel over the bridge each day.
About 16 percent of households received a "long form" of the 1990 census.
About 1,700,000 live in and around Sacramento.
About 1,980 people lived here at the 2010 census.
About 200,000 visitors came to enjoy the beaches and tropical climate in 2010. citation Havelock Island and Jolly Buoy are two places famous for their pristine patches of coral, making these one of the best dive spots in the region.
About 20% is indigenous land, with the entire West coast being held under Native title.
About 21,200 people lived in Calafat, as of 2000.
About 21 per cent of the air is oxygen.
About 2,268,000 people were living in Zealand as of 2016.
About 2,300 people lived there in January 2014.
About 244,000 people were living here in 2015.
About 24 hours later, runway 10L/28R was opened again.
About 2.7 square miles (7.1 km²) of it is land and 0.8 square miles (2.1 km²) of it (22.82%) is water.
About 30% of the resident population of Büsingen hold a Swiss passport.
About 3,438 people lived in Stallikon in 2015.
About 38 °C (100.4 F) degrees is called a low-grade fever, and above 39.5 °C (103 F) degrees is a high-grade fever.
About 3 percent of all babies have what is called a major physical anomaly.
About 40,000 people come to the annual fair which has 13 venues and over 200 stalls around the town.
About 40-50% of this is usable in real-life situations.
About 4,250 people lived there in January 2014.
About 450 students, members of the German Burschenschaften ("fraternities"), celebrated the German victory over Napoleon that happened four years before, condemned conservatism and called for German unity.
About 46% are Buddhist by faith.
About 500 years after chess first reached Europe, after some smaller experiments, there were big changes in the way the pieces moved.
About 50 to 100 lightning bolts strike the Earth every second.
About 70% of the produced polybutadiene is used to make tires.
About 76% of New Zealand's population live in the North Island.
About 98% of Antarctica is covered by ice.
About a third of the book concerned the applications of these ideas to humans, and presented the data available at that time.
About half of all babies born with the condition will reach two months of age, and only 5-10% will survive for a year.
About one third of this money was paid to the fishing industry.
Aboutrika came second in the "African Footballer of the Year" award in 2008.
"About the time that Unchained Melody hit the charts (1955), he was married to Jeanette at which time they purchased a home in Teaneck, NY."
About three in every four people with C. diff infection get better after taking metronidazole for ten days.
About twelve structures form the hamlet.
A Brachistochrone curve is the fastest path for a ball to roll between two points that are at different heights.
A brake is mounted between the motor and drive sheave (or gearbox) to hold the elevator stationary at a floor.
A breeder is a person who maintains and creates different breeds of animals or plants.
A breeze blows the paper ballerina into the fire.
Abridged key to the cephalopod mollusks of the world's ocean.
A brigade performs observation and may give assistance to citizens in regulated periods, during both daytime and nighttime.
A British couple and their baby son has survived a shipwreck.
A broker is someone who helps arranges transactions between two parties.
Abstract expressionism is the name given to the American post-
Abstraction operates in one of these opposing functions when it excludes the simultaneous influence of the other functions and other irrelevancies, such as emotion.
Abstracts of the Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 353,13-16; Rothschild, Lord Walter & Dollman, G. (1932).
A buffer is very similar to a cache.
A bullet-proof vest (also called "bulletproof vest", "
A bunt is also often used when trying to advance another runner already on one of the bases.
A burqini is a swimsuit designed for Muslim women that covers the whole body except the face, the hands and the feet, that enables them to satisfy the requirements of Muslim standards of modesty while enabling them to take part in swimming activities.
A bush is a mechanical fixing between two, possibly moving, parts, or a strengthened fixing point where one mechanical assembly is attached to another.
A businessman named Shirl Herr had also tried to get a patent for a metal detector but was not given one until 1928.
A bust is a statue of the head, shoulders and upper body of a person.
Abu Sufyan heard this in his home.
Abu Sufyan, third leader of Mecca in Muhammad's lifetime, tried to resume the truce, but Muhammad politely refused the offer.
A butler's tray has a deeper surround, handles on the short sides (usually cut into the surround) so that it can be easily carried, and folding legs.
Abyss and Brown continued to feud until they met in a Serengeti Survival match at Turning Point, when Brown again came out victorious.
Abyss got another title match at Lockdown in a Six Sides of Steel match against Christian Cage.
A cache is made up of many entries, called a pool.
Academic explanations of ethnic conflict generally fall into one of three schools of thought: primordialist, instrumentalist or constructivist.
Academy of Arts in Russia, where he studied for two years.
A camping site near McKillops Bridge has excellent spots for swimming.
A Cannabis plant which will be used for making medical marijuana products.
Acanthostega had eight digits on each hand linked by webbing, and six digits on the rear legs.
A caquelon, or pot, used for cooking.
A car has wheels which spin forwards.
AC can use high voltages with smaller current to reduce losses when you send power.
Accessed June 15, 2014 In 1965, the program moved to WBKB-TV (now WLS-TV), and the show was renamed Mulqueen's Kiddie A-Go-Go.
Accessed on November 12, 2007.
Accessories add color, style and class to an outfit, and create a certain look, but they may also have practical functions.
Access to water can also become an issue during the dry season.
Accommodation for visiting supporters is provided in the end of the Jarrold Stand closest to The Barclay.
Accompanied by what was now a huge crowd of mourners, the body was taken to the church of the Most Holy Mother of God in Wareham and buried at the east end of the church.
According to 2011 census, Rajapalayam had a population of 130,442.
According to a campaign adviser, 99.4 percent of the donations were $250 or less, and 185,000 supporters had signed up on the campaign's website.
According to an episode set in modern times, Gabrielle's scrolls were preserved for thousands of years and later discovered by modern archeologists.
According to a story in Livy, Hamilcar made Hannibal promise that he would never be a friend of Rome.
According to a survey conducted in 1944, the number of smokers increased in the Wehrmacht, but average tobacco consumption per military personnel declined by 23.4% compared to the immediate pre-World War II years.
According to Calvin he'd usually describe them as "all fangs and no brains".
According to certain people, the word "
According to Christopher Caldwell, he attributes his success to "good government". citation He stood again in the March 2009 election and was re-elected as Mayor of Kayseri.
According to citation Oxford Dictionary, Retail is the sale of goods to the public in relatively small quantities for use or consumption rather than for resale.
According to Cohen, by the fall of 1994 there were very few people left in Soviet intelligence ("two or maybe three") who knew the real name of the second spy scientist.
According to Doniger, two regional stories depict demons Andhaka and Jalandhara as the children of Shiva who war with him, and are later destroyed by Shiva.
According to Egyptian legend, Horus, son of the light, outwitted the evil god Set and imprisoned him in a secret tomb.
According to him, the process of economic and social development, which he had promoted for years, could be implemented only after a deep restructuring of political institutions.
According to his Angry Birds profile, he had accidentally glued his tin helmet to his scalp, though one episode shows that it can be remove.
According to his brother John, Jim Bowie was a large man, about convert tall and about convert.
According to Keith's mother, shortly before his death, she heard from a friend of Keith's named Rodney Kendell that a group of suspicious people were looking for Keith.
According to Lord Ashcroft, he arguably went through more suffering that any of the 159 individuals to have been awarded the George Cross.
According to Ntetmea, more than 50 albinos were killed since 2007.
According to one specialist the "Westminster Retable, for all its wounded condition, is the finest panel painting of its time in Western Europe".
According to Pew Research, two thirds of American adults thought the protests were good: 60% of white adults, 86% of black adults, 75% of Asian adults and 77% of Hispanic adults.
According to production notes, Ronno was the unnamed deer who had a fight with Bambi in the original movie.
According to SI rules, the symbol for the litre should be "l".
According to the.
According to the 2001 census it had a usual population of 162.
According to the 2001 UK census it had a population of 12,691.
According to the 2005 census, the town had a population of 463 people.
According to the 2007 Philippine national census (a total count of the country's population), it has 205,258 people.
According to the 2010 census, Franklin Park has a total area of convert, all land.
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Kariapatti had a population of 105,329 with 52,875 males and 52,454 females.
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Palakkodu had a population of 345,906 with 178,514 males and 167,392 females.
According to the 2011 census, the total population of Agailjhara Upazila is 149,456.
According to the Beatles, Lennon's son, Julian Lennon showed his father a nursery school drawing he called Lucy - in the sky with diamonds, depicting his classmate, Lucy O'Donnell.
According to the Bible, the Spirit led Jesus into the desert where he fasted for 40 days.
According to the British he met the Lord Lieutenant and was made the King's prime minister.
According to the Canada 2011 Census, Prescott and Russell has a population of 85,381 people.
According to the Census of India 2001, the district had a population of 1,234,016 with a density of 467 persons per square kilometre.
According to the current constitution, the vice president is elected on the same ticket as the president.
According to the Dutch central bureaus of statistics (Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek; CBS), Maastricht can be divided into seven larger districts.
According to the FishBase.org website, there are 33,200 known species of fish, and many of them live in the oceans.
According to the ISSTD this is because doctors did not have the training or experience to recognize DID.
According to The New York Times, "a Navy official familiar with the situation but not authorized to speak publicly about it said that the captain had repeatedly asked his superiors for speedy action to evacuate the ship."
According to the Qur’an, all of the prophets were Muslims who preached Islam, but with different laws.
According to the Rashtrakuta records, the ruler of Malava was among the kings defeated by Dantidurga.
According to the Records of Heroes (英雄記) by Wang Can, he led about 700 soldiers.
According to the report.
According to the results of the local elections in Kyiv, European Solidarity won 20.5% of the vote, and Maryna Poroshenko became a deputy of the Kyiv City Council.
According to the Reuters report, Abbott acquired Alere for $4.48 billion, in April 2017.
According to the Swiss order of precedence, the President of the Confederation is the highest-ranking Swiss official.
According to the teachings of the Catholic Church, this turns them into the actual blood and body of Christ (
According to the United States Census Bureau, Hanalei has a total area of 0.8 square miles (2.1 km2), of which 0.6 square miles (1.6 km2) is land and 0.2 square miles (0.52 km2) is water.
According to the U.S Census estimates of 2005, the city had a population of 13,436.
According to this idea, man himself is responsible for designing what the world should look like.
According to tradition, the king of Sicily, Roger II, made a vow to build a cathedral, after he escaped from a storm to land on the city's beach.
According to tradition, the League was formed through the efforts of two men, Deganawida, sometimes known as the Great Peacemaker, and Hiawatha.
According to Variety, sold a million copies in one week, despite retaining only two actors from the original trilogy.
According to William Bradford, John Turner traveled on the Mayflower with his two sons.
Accurate rounding of transcendental mathematical functions is difficult, because the number of extra digits that need to be calculated to resolve whether to round up or down cannot be known in advance.
A cease and desist letter often causes both parties to make licensing negotiations, and is very often the first step towards a lawsuit.
A centerboard can be made from wood, plastic or metal.
A central government that makes policy and puts it into practice for the people at large is not how the Iroquois handle government.
A centre in Berlin named Dharma Mati was opened in October 2007.
Aces are also important because they are needed for a blackjack.
A characteristic of seawater is that it is salty.
A child will not always get praise for their behaviors.
Acid rain is a regional air pollution problem.
A cipher is used to turn the original information ("
A city may be part of a county, but even if it is surrounded by a town that has more people than the city, it is not part of the town.
A city usually has a "city center" where government and business occur and suburbs where people live outside the center.
A clock chimes and the figures on the clock move.
A cobble (sometimes a cobblestone) is a clast of rock defined on the Udden–Wentworth scale as having a particle size of 64–256 millimeters (2.5–10.1 in), larger than a pebble and smaller than a boulder.
A colleague was discussing his 401(k) plan with his boss, who happens to be female, via instant messaging.
A collection of Buddhist sutras, classic texts from the masters, icons & images,including the "Ten Ox-herding pictures".
A collision also shows conservation of momentum: if a car (1000 kg) is going right at 8 m/s, and a truck (6000 kg) is going left at 2 m/s, the car and truck will be moving left after the collision.
A comfortable room temperature depends on individual needs and other factors.
A commercial bank belonging to the Federal Reserve System can obtain Federal Reserve notes from the Federal Reserve Bank in its district whenever it wishes by paying for them in full, dollar for dollar, from its account with Federal Reserve Bank.
A Commissioner is appointed and is always the Head of the FCO's Overseas Territories Department.
A common thing of cult followings is the emotional attachment the fans it.
A common type of manuscript was the scroll, which was a long sheet rolled up.
A common version of this is called the flip neckbreaker slam or Blockbuster when a wrestler does a somersault, and while flipping, catches the opponents head which ends in a neckbreaker slam.
A complete binary tree which is not full.
A computer‐assisted instability proof for the Orr‐Sommerfeld equation with Blasius profile.
A computer-based, time-resolved calculation of sea ice volume, fitted to various measurements, revealed that monitoring the ice volume is much more important for evaluating sea ice loss than pure area considerations.
A concave setting permits great control for planning large curves, like table sides or chair arms, and the convex works well for chair arms, legs and backs, and other applications.
A concert band is an ensemble for playing the instruments using wind.
A consonant on the Free Play is worth $500.
A Consultative Assembly has limited power to draft and approve laws, but the Emir has final say on all matters.
A contest was held to determine what fans would appear in the video.
A converter is a chemical reactor which turns raw iron into steel.
A copy of the program book has also been found.
A cosplayer dressed up as Goro.
A cosplayer dressed up as Stitch.
A cosplayer dressed up as the Shredder.
A Costco store will be built in its place.
A cotton spinner from Manchester named John Doherty summoned a conference on the Isle of Man in 1829 to discuss the idea of a national trade union.
A country-wide lockdown came into effect from 24 March through 18 May.
A couple walking over the momiji at Ryōan-ji in Kyoto.
A court decision in 2020 gave an injunction against the Unisʼtotʼen clan and its supporters.
Across their belly, they have loose skin which allows the species to be kicked by prey with little chance of an injury.
Act 1 takes place in Paris around 1830.
Actinole is not radioactive.
Action also takes place in the virtual realm of QuestWorld, a three-dimensional cyberspace domain rendered with computer animation.
Activists hoped the march would show how badly African-Americans wanted to vote.
Activists often portray Juan dela Cruz as a victim of American imperialism.
Actors' voices needed to be heard throughout the theatre, including the very top row of seats.
Actually, he was not in favour of assassinating Hitler.
Actual photograph confiscated as evidence.
Acupuncture for chronic low back pain.
A cystic fibrosis gene is needed from each parent.
Adam also dated Eric the Victorious's death as between 992 and 995. He is remembered as a war-like and successful ruler.
Adam also talked to the Angel of Death.
Adam Mitchell (Bruno Langley) was the Doctor's companion for only two episodes.
Adam named the animals that God made.
Adams aligned himself with the active Provisional part based in Belfast.
Adams later went back to the United States to continue the American leg of the tour He appeared on The David Letterman Show.
Adams passed law for U.S. improvements as part of what he called the "American System."
Adams shaped the foundations of American politics.
Adams was found to be innocent in 1989 after serving twelve years in prison.
A dance mat, for use in dancing games, requires the player to step on pressure-sensitive pads.
A dangling lure on the head of the fish attracts small animals to it within striking distance.
Adapted from album liner notes.
A dark match before the show is usually used to test out new talent (often local to the event).
“A data packet is a unit of data made into a single package that travels along a given network path.
A daughter of the river Sangarius picked an almond and laid it in her bosom, where the almond disappeared.
A day later the Challenger went away from America.
Add all active committers in the STATUS file.
Adding details not covered by the rules like history and personality are used often to develop the character.
Addison Graves "Joe" Wilson Sr. (born July 31, 1947) is an American politician.
Additionally, a guard would check his cell every 30 minutes for any suspicious activity.
Additionally, Dinosaur Ridge has interpretive signs at trail locations that explain the local geology, a volcanic ash bed, trace fossils, paleo-ecology, economic development of coal, oil and clay, and many other geologic and paleontological features.
Additionally, IFPRI researches the role of agricultural and rural development in the overall development of a country.
Additionally, more than 100,000 schools participated in the program nationwide in 2012.
Additionally, Sheikha Hind is Chairperson of the Executive Committee of the Supreme Education Council (SEC), and the Board of Directors of the Global Social Responsibility Alliance.
Additionally, the Fenty Administration improved the delivery of emergency medical services.
Additionally, the vehicle may be modified to deliver more fuel to the engine than usual.
Additionally, this area has cherished cave area/springs.
Additional namespaces can be added using the settings file from the installation of MediaWiki.
Addition of an additional dimension changes the logic.
Additive color mixing: adding red to green gives yellow; adding green to blue gives cyan; adding blue to red gives magenta; adding all three primary colors together gives white.
Addresses of byte memories cannot be used to refer to a single bit of a byte.
Add the eggs to the pot, and then begin timing.
A dedicated server checks information received from a "supplicant".
A deep dive is considered anything below a depth of about convert.
A deer is a ruminant.
Adelaide of Angers is sometimes sourced as being the mother of Hamelin.
Adelkhani achieved the UEFA Pro Licence, the first Iranian to do so.
A demultiplexer is in this context a device that takes a single input signal that carries many channels and separates the channels over multiple output signals.
A department of restoration techniques was added in 1973 and an archive set up in 1977.
A deterministic Turing machine can change a problem in NP in polynomial time to the problem of determining whether a Boolean formula is satisfiable.
A detuned (reduced power) 250 horsepower version is sold to the consumer market.
A developing human usually takes about thirty-nine weeks to grow and be born.
Adeyemo signed himself under the record label as well.
Ad hominems are not wrong every time.
A dial plan establishes the type of telephone number in a given area.
A different flag (white cross on a blue field) was used as a land flag within Greece from 1828 until 1969 and from 1975 to 1978.
A different theory focuses again on parenting style but supports that a child can develop NPD if the parents are treating the child as very “special” and “unique”.
A different word to describe a woman who only likes to have sex with other women is "
A digital camera can sometimes hold hundreds or thousands of pictures.
A diminutive new tyrannosaur from the top of the world.
A dinner is sometimes held for the parents of the couple.
A dioritic rock containing feldspathoid mineral/s and no quartz is termed foid-bearing diorite or foid diorite according to content.
A director's duties can be very different depending on the type of program.
A disability is a condition that a person has which limits them in some way.
A disc or disk generally refers to a round flat object, although the usage varies between different variants of English.
A discussion is underwaymain when?
A displaced threshold often exists because obstacles just before the runway, runway strength, or noise restrictions may make the beginning section of runway unsuitable for landings.
A District Superintendent of Police, better known as a Superintendent of Police, heads the District Police organisation of West Bengal Police.
Adivasi people face discrimination and it's hard for them to get jobs in the city areas.
Adler's reason to explore this was from his own experience.
Administration for education is fairly poor however some improvements are there but not so impressive as other states.
Administrative and political boundaries have been changed a number of times.
A doctor working in pulmonology is called a pulmonologist.
A doctor would decide what mixture of chemicals would be needed for each patient.
Adolphe began to make his own instruments at an early age.
A domestic worker, also called a servant, is a person who works for someone in a residence.
A door bolt is a type of lock that is used to keep doors shut.
A double glazed window is two panes of glass (also called a lite) with a sealed air (or gas) space in the middle.
A downburst struck East Coldenham Elementary School on November 16, 1989 at 11:35 a.m., blowing down a cafeteria wall, killing nine people and injuring eighteen.
A draft was submitted to the then Prime minister Lee Kuan Yew, before he made it better and passed it to the Cabinet.
A draw was held on 19 March 2021, after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, to determine the "home" team for administrative purposes.
A dress code is a rule about what people should wear.
Adult C. megalodon were not abundant in shallow water environments, and mostly lurked offshore.
Adult females usually give birth to five or six pups in a litter.
Adult frogs have purple skins and a thin blue ring around each eye.
Adult Literacy rate in Jarral is more than 80%.
Adult males are dark brown in colour.
Adults are almost never seen in open fields and often live in holes that are usually 2 feet from the top.
Adults fly in the late morning and early afternoon.
Adults grow between the lengths of 1.6 to 2 meters (5.2 to 6.6 ft), and weigh between 70 and 235 kg (150 to 520 Ib).
Adult silkworms have small mouths and do not eat.
"Advances in autism genetics: on the threshold of a new neurobiology."
Advances in technology have made fixed-wing aircraft more efficient.
A DVD was first released by Prism Leisure on 2 Feb 2004.
Adventurer Jorgen Jorgenson wrote about Bass in 1835.
Advertisers pay Google each time someone clicks on their advert.
Advocates adhering to this point of view have challenged the church's tax-exempt status in the US, arguing that the political activities of church-related groups comprise an impermissible intrusion of the church into political areas.
A.E. Brain was born in 1860.
Aerial bombardment was followed by landings of ground troops on Luzon.
Aerial view of the airport.
Aeschylus had fought in this war.
Aesthetic philosophers ask what people like to see, hear, feel, smell or taste, and why they like these things.
Aethelred family tree.
A face off is when the ball is on the ground to start the game, and one person from each team fights for possession of the ball ball.
A famous view of Cambridge.
A feature known as Dry Falls divides the Coulee into two parts.
A female German cockroach can produce 8 egg cases in her lifetime and each egg case may contain 30-40 eggs.
A female Sidewinder Rattlesnake gives birth to around 5 to 18 young at a time.
A female that has never had a calf is called a heifer, (pronounced "heffer").
A few are taught in German.
A few common brands of colored pencils (among other items) are Crayola, RoseArt and Cra-Z-Art.
A few conclusions stood out from the research.
A few days later as the storm was still headed for the Leeward Islands it weakened to a tropical depression.
A few days later, Bella is almost hit with a van in the school parking lot.
A few different types of Münchausen Syndrome have been identified.
A few disputes seem more significant".
A few hundred humans have been "unplugged" and see the real reality, which is dark and barren.
A few minutes later a second man is brought into the room.
A few of these groups still survive today.
A few relics survived into the Lower Triassic.
A few researchers, like Larry Martin, believe that dromaeosaurs, along with all maniraptorans are not dinosaurs at all.
A few thousand have since been discovered and more than 70,000 KBOs over 100 km (62 mi) in diameter are thought to exist.
A few weeks later, Sanders was leading in a nationwide poll with 27% against Biden's 24%.
A few were as strong as EF2, but most were brief and weak.
A few years ago, the Adel News ran a story about a "stone bridge" over the river.
A few years later, Albrechtsberger said about Beethoven that “he learned absolutely nothing and will never accomplish anything decent”.
A few years later this new hall was renamed Carnegie Hall after the man who gave the money for it to be built.
Affine arithmetic is one result of this movement.
A fifth victim dies two days later.
A fight between his German companions and the Pavese becomes a full-scale battle.
A fight took place on the court between several players.
A figure showing the force made by an Estes A10-PT rocket motor over about 1 second.
A final attack on 14 April was again stopped.
A fingernail can easily scratch it.
A finger or a toe is also called a digit.
A first-class lever is a lever where the fulcrum is in between the effort and resistance (the load).
A first look at Agathis.
A fish hatchery is where fish are hatched and cared for, usually to be released in natural waters (
A flip phone flips open, and is best for calling.
A flying forearm smash is a where a wrestler runs towards an opponent (usually bouncing off the ropes), leaps into the air and hits the opponent with a forearm smash.
A folded bath towel under the receiving partner's hips helps prevent spillage on bedclothes.
A foot file or pumice stone can be used to remove dead skin cells.
A former peer as Prime Minister was open to attack, and Douglas-Home was attacked by the Labour Party leader Harold Wilson.
A form is used to create the internal shape of the spun metal part.
A fourth installment, titled Spider-Man 4, was set to be released on May 6, 2011, followed by a Venom spin-off film, but both were canceled due to Raimi's withdrawal over creative differences with the writers and producers.
A frame is a flat container to hold something.
A free voluntary reading program is to help students to enjoy reading, so there are often no grades.
A frequency distribution is said to be skewed when its mean and median are different.
African-American refers to a specific range of diverse cultures with a common thread of ethnic connection to Africa.
African food cooked with vegetable oil.
African, Latin, and Afro-Cuban music often use polyrhythms.
African pygmies and a European explorer.
Africans were a relatively easy source of slaves as European traders did not have to capture them, but relied on Arabs and other Africans to do it for them.
After 10 years passed Hye-sung has become a public defender.
After 1130 CE they continued their rule under the overlordship(feudatory) of the Chola.
After 1684, the power to create a calendar shifted to the shogunate.
After1826 the Lower Assam and the Central Assam (Darrang, Nagaon and Raha) were made one division which extended up to Biswanath.
After 18 years of teaching at Harvard, he resigned his position because he felt it interfered with his writing.
After 1996, several other parties came into power and lost it.
After 1999, Peña Nieto went from having low-level secretary positions to higher and more qualified offices.
After 24 hours, people's skin began to peel off.
After 72 A.D. Parspatuniq became principality of Great Armenia, which owned two regions (Parspatunik and Marand) in the province of Vaspurakan.
After 8 min, KZA1907 reported that they reached 15000 ft altitude, but they were descending to 14,500 ft at that time and were continuing the descent.
After about 1860, the Lakota Sioux had all the former Crow lands.
After a couple of years his mother and sister returned to China, rejoining Ballard's father.
After a cow has eaten its fill and is resting, they return or regurgitate the grass from their stomach to their mouth and rechew it with their very large back teeth to break it down further.
After a dance Allan has the Sompnour blindfolded to play a game of ‘Hoodman Blind’.
After a few weeks of very tough fighting the Germans took control of the island again.
After a few years his music became more Romantic.
After a generation or so, women started leaving the fields.
After a good start, Korchnoi was overcome by Kasparov's attacking play and remarkable maturity.
After a little time, the kingdom of Balhae was invaded by Liao Dynasty.
After all, it is the first good explanation of how living things came to be the way they are.
After all Polish Brethren were given order either to become Roman Catholic or to go out of Poland forever, he changed his faith.
After all, we have not done anything to the bullet when we weigh it or when we make photographs of it.
After a modal verb you must use an infinitive.
After an abbreviated gubernatorial campaign, she was forced to drop out due in large part to a lack of financial support.
After an all-night recording session, he came home in the early hours of the next morning.
After Anand Kumar was accused of fraud, the makers of upcoming movie Super 30 decided to not call their movie a biopic anymore.
After an arranged marriage at the age of 11, he left his home and traveled a lot in northern India as a holy man (
After André collected his prize money, he threw some of it into the audience.
After an earthquake in Kobe caused enomous damage so that the area could no longer maintain the Vissel Kobe football club, Mikitani was asked to take over operations of the team.
After an introduction the pianos introduce a march theme.
After a progression of minor jobs during the 1990s, he featured as Microsoft's Bill Gates in the 1999 TV film Pirates of Silicon Valley.
After Arabic, it was the second most common written language in Muslim countries, especially in the East.
After arguments with the coach he left Breda, after nine goals in 14 matches, to go to Ajax Amsterdam.
After a Roll-up attempt by both Stratus and Hemme, Stratus hit Hemme with a Chick kick and followed it with the decisive pin, thus winning the match and retaining the WWE Women's Championship.
After arriving in Israel, the Leah Gottlieb family settled in a very small house located in the former Arab quarter.
After articles are published, other scientists will also check if the same experiments, observations or tests produce the same data again.
After a series of Collection Albums, the group released the album, Another Light, in 2017, nearly 17 years since breaking up.
After a short battle in the air and at sea, the British landed on 21 May and fought on land until Argentina's army surrendered on 14 June.
After a short time he changed to Chicago State University to major in English.
After a storm, the tribes went to a Reward Challenge and were shocked to learn that the tribes would be switched.
After a time he settled on one of the Farne Islands, south of Lindisfarne, and made his life more simple.
After a two-year stay in the Third Division, they were promoted to the Second Division.
After a while, they began to sit in at other lunch counters.
After a year passed he was on his way to back the castle to tell the queen his answer when he saw many young women.
After Bart tells the angry group of people he has made a mistake, the townspeople forgive Bart.
After baseball, Walters became a police officer with the San Diego Police Department.
After being beaten and raped, Neil returns to Hutchinson to celebrate Christmas with his mother.
After being burned, only a small amount of wood is left as wood ash.
After being coach of the team he went to his old team FK Austria Wien which he coached from 1954 till 1955.
After being pricked in their skin with some rice mixture, allergic people will get itching and swelling in about 30 minutes.
After being warned by Tony and Winston about how dangerous the rogues are, Kate and Humphrey still go on to find their lost pup, much to their disappointment.
After being wounded and recovered in 1942, he went working at the Race and Resettlement Office in Berlin.
After Belgium came Italy and Senna took pole again with Prost second, Berger third, Mansell fourth, Alesi fifth and Boutsen sixth.
After billions of years of floating in space, the gas and dust come together to make new stars and new planets.
After Bozo, Colvig returned to doing voice work.
After carefully examining the case, he located the elusive man from the ads: Helmuth Schmidt.
After Carver's death, Howland became a freeman.
After Christian Spurling's confession, citation most agree it was what Spurling claimed – a toy submarine with a sculpted head attached.
After coming out of the natron, the bodies were coated inside and out with resin to preserve them, then wrapped with linen bandages, embedded with religious amulets and talismans.
After Cosima retired from running the festival in 1906, Wagner's son Siegfried took over management of the festival.
After Cromwell's death, however, the monarchy was restored in 1660.
After Cromwell's death in September 1658, the new Lord Protector, Richard Cromwell, was unable to control the army and resigned in May 1659.
After Donia had died in 1520, Jelckama took over the command of the armies.
After Edward decided to build the castle people started building it quickly.
After emerging as the winner, Walker became the only governor in the U.S. to date to win a gubernatorial recall election.
After establishing a new base in Afghanistan, he declared a war against the United States, initiating a series of bombings and related attacks.
After everyone saw these reports, some employees told Fairfax Media that they were paid high amounts, however would then be asked by the store to give half of it back.
After federation, he went into federal politics.
After financial problems 1997 VFB Mödling and Admira Wacker merges.
After finishing a course at Queen's Secretarial College at the age of eighteen, citation Sarah went to work in a public relations firm in London.
After finishing Modern Dance Department, Millet played in cinema, serials and commercials as well as the theater.
After five months of sit-ins, the Woolworth's in Greensboro also de-segregated its lunch counter.
After formulating a murder plan, Elizabeth and Sandra Andersen informed their friends, who both encouraged the sisters and laughed at the idea of murdering Linda Andersen.
After four-quarters, the team who scores the most points wins.
After four sessions, the congress adjourned sine die (without setting a day for another meeting) exactly two years later.
After four years, Jack goes back to meet Ennis.
After Fulk's death Melisende took control of Jerusalem.
After Gale forcibly confronts Sidney, Jerry and Tom with Cotton, Sidney angrily hits Gale and Jerry angrily scolds at Sidney for hitting Gale.
After going to Morehead State from 1966 to 1967, Harbaugh returned to Bowling Green from 1968 to 1970 as an assistant.
After graduating from Kokugakuin University, he played for Chugoku Electric Power.
After handling 9.6 million passengers in 2008, the number of passengers dropped to 8,572,398 in 2010, making Birmingham the seventh busiest UK airport.
After hatching, the male and female take turns feeding the chicks.
After having sex, Sidney and Billy are attacked by the killer, who seemingly murders Billy.
After he died he was awarded the prize of the Bouquinistes for all his work in 2004.
After he got back to Korea, he made many experiment to make that kind of chocolate cake.
After he leaves, Belmonte meets Pedrillo and they decide to rescue Konstanze.
After her death, he quit university to begin exploring the world at 21 years old.
After her husband died in 1985, Nexhmije Hoxha was elected Chairwoman of the Democratic Front.
After her husband’s death, Ida Saxton McKinley returned to Canton.
After her sacrifice, the Rajput men died fighting on the battlefield.
After his clinic was firebombed in 1986, Tiller was shot in both arms by anti-abortion extremist Shelley Shannon in 1993.
After his death, his son became the ruler.
After his debut, many hiphop fellows joined the DT clan and he made a debut in Korea in 1998.
After his failures on the West Coast, Nutt went back to New York City.
After his father died he became a piano teacher in Paris.
After his football career he became an international successful referee.
After his kingdom was taken from him, Louis remained in Holland for nearly three years and turned to writing and poetry.
After his political career, he worked for German Investment Counselling Inc. as well as the Electrical Company ENBW as a Member of the Board of Directors.
After his release from prison, he published a best-selling autobiography, Mr Nice, and campaigned publicly for changes in drugs legislation.
After his retirement from sports he worked as a television commentator.
After his return he began to concentrate his studies on microscopic organisms, which then were not much studied.
After his studies he went back to Cape Town, and in the following years committed himself against apartheid working in various human rights groups and organising non-violent actions.
After his time with München he signed with Cosmos New York (1977) in the North American Soccer League.
After his time with SC Bern was done, he retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2008.
After his win, many other critics were awarded with this honor.
After humanity was almost completely destroyed, an organisation called APE moved humans to cities called Plantations.
After independence, it was integrated into Indian Railways.
After independence, the different governments of Cape Verde invested massively in education and illiteracy has been reduced drastically.
After independence, the viceroy in The Gambia was the Governor-General of the Gambia.
After inspection of the pond the mandarin's inspectors declare that the tadpoles are the true offspring of Catfish.
After it is cooled to about 45 °C, the bacteria culture is added, and the milk is kept at that temperature for 4 to 7 hours to ferment.
After it is defeated, the player always then faces Baron K. Roolenstein.
After its first release, it was re-released to theaters four more times: January 1969, June 1979, December 1985, and July 1991.
After its release, Victoria Beckham received mixed to negative reviews.
After Kagome destroys the raven, the jewel is shattered into pieces.
After killing two more enemy soldiers, he boldly ran through withering automatic, small arms, and mortar fire to render first aid to his platoon leader and a seriously wounded rifleman.
After knocking him unconscious, Yzma orders Kronk to dispose of Kuzco.
After Laon (24 May), de Gaulle was promoted to temporary general: "On 28 May (.
After leaving Apple, Badfinger's fortunes dipped.
After leaving Halifax for Fleetwood Town, he became the season's top scorer with 31 league goals.
After leaving the party in 1974, Howard returned to Tennessee.
After leaving the Senate in 1895, Kennedy spent his political career as an appointed elections commissioner, an appointed fire commissioner, as the backroom boss of Boston's Ward Two, and as a member of his party's unofficial Board of Strategy.
After leaving the USWA in 1990, Austin signed with WCW in 1991.
After leaving WCW again, Eudy joined the United States Wrestling Association July 16, 1994, and faced with defeating Jerry Lawler and Sid getting the World Heavyweight Championship.
After legal issues between Channel 10 and Castaway Television, the series went on a three-year hiatus.
After lengthy peace talks, no one knows if the penance - and a large payment of blood money - will end the vendetta which began in 1991 with a children's fight.
After liberation, it changed the name to Seoul Central Broadcasting Station in 1947 and launched Korea's first television broadcasting service in 1961.
After living in Spain for over 25 years, Chaplin left in 1992 because of personal difficulties.
After Lori has died, Rick starts to see visions of her.
After losing his home in a fire, Carrie decided to have him live in the Heffernan's basement from then on.
After making these two albums with Los Sabrosos, Manuel chose to have a solo career.
After making this movie, Ryder became much more famous.
After many battles the Anglo-Saxons were able to slow the Danes' progress.
After marrying the prince Sofia Hellqvist became a princess.
After meeting, the girls changed places to meet the mother or the father.
After merging with PA 581, I-83 is known as the Harrisburg Expressway.
After molting, these crabs will eat their own shell to get some important nutrients.
After moving to Melbourne in 1887, Fuller started singing for a living.
After Muir, Robinson went to Pasadena Junior College (PJC).
After nearly 40 years of service in the United States Navy, John F. Kennedy was officially decommissioned on 1 August 2007.
After one full year on the market, the Model X ranked in 2016 seventh among the world's best-selling plug-in cars.
After one of these decays the resultant nucleus may be left in an excited state, and in this case it decays to its ground state by emitting high energy photons (gamma decay).
After one semester, she left school to do clerical work in a law firm with a cousin, Laura Gillen.
After one year, Gareth revealed his identity as Sir Gawain's brother and went on a quest as a gift from Arthur.
After one year with DSV Leoben he went to FC Wacker Innsbruck.
After peaking on June 9, steering currents collapsed and Boris stalled out in the ocean between two ridges of high pressure.
After performing most during her adulthood, White released three albums, the first of which was issued in 1994 when she was aged 65.
After Plato's death, he attached himself to Aristotle.
After playing 15 games for the Colts, he injured his knee and never played another NFL game.
After playing at the youth team and reserve team, he debuted at top team in the 2017/18 season.
After playing, he was a coach and general manager for the Lakers.
After problems and ideological differences with the leaders of the Alternative Democratic Pole, he founded the democratic socialist Progresistas movement to compete for the mayoralty of Bogotá.
After province, prefecture, and county-leveldivisions, township-level divisions constitute the formal fourth-level administrative divisions of the PRC.
After purchasing the tickets, visitors may take the Guinness World Record breaking high-speed elevator to the observatory on the 89TH floor.
After Ramades forces Aida to wash his back, she refuses, telling him that although the Egyptians took everything from the Nubians, their spirit will never be taken ("The Past Is Another Land").
After regenerating in New York, Melody became Rory and Amy's childhood friend Mels (Maya Glace-Green) and grew up alongside them.
After releasing mixtapes he dropped his debut album This Aint No Mixtape in April 2009.
After retirement, Takamoro worked at Asahi Shimbun from 1936 to 1962.
After retiring, Barry worked as a sports commentator for the NBA on TNT and was a studio host for the NBA TV show NBA Gametime.
After retiring from playing, he managed Amora, Rio Ave and Vitória de Setúbal.
After retiring from playing in 1981, he worked with the Bullets as a vice president, head coach and general manager.
After returning from Korea, he married Yae Kimura (1904–1978) who died at age 74, and changed his name to Jiroemon Kimura, since his wife's family lacked a male heir, and had seven children, five of whom are still living.
After returning to America in 1969, he worked at Hanna Barbera Production as a character voice actor for each animated tv shows.
After returning to Denmark, he directed and co-wrote television productions.
After returning to school after summer break, students at Hogwarts are attacked by the legendary monster of the Chamber of Secrets after the Chamber is opened.
After Saga's death, a Buddhist temple complex was established at the site.
After Samuel Hopkins death in 1815, his sister Sarah Hopkins of Rugeley, erected Blaenavon Endowed School in his memory.
After Sasuke defects, Team 7 receives Sai as a replacement.
After saving the Titanic, the Doctor realises that Astrid was still wearing a teleporter bracelet when she died.
After settling his family down in Loyang, he left on another ten-year journey wandering around northern China.
After several years of hard work, Sorcha is saved from drowning by a British lord, Hugh of Harrowfield (known as "Red").
After she finished her studies, Castellanos became a professor at UNAH in 1978.
After she gets out of the apartment, she must run to the elevator which to her surprise brings out Byakuya Togami.
After showing some of his toy creations, Miyamoto was hired in 1977 as an apprentice in the planning department.
After six months, Fabius was removed from his position in accordance with the Roman law.
After six weeks, sales were only around 700,000 copies.
After some time he and others, did not agree with some people in the group and this led to fighting in the streets of Leopoldville.
After sometime, Kennedy delivered his Green Bay Plunge to Punk onto a ladder.
After some time, though, he grew warmer towards Mary.
After some troubles, Joffrey built the company anew in 1965.
After some years, Orbetello was captured by the Sienese Republic.
After some years, the museum became more and more specialized in cycle-racing.
After spending a few months in the POW camp Enver Galim was released.
After Stalin's death in 1953, Mao saw himself as the leader of worldwide communism until he died in 1976.
After struggling for two years, his father decided they would move back to Casablanca, but his mother chose to stay back with their children because she believed there was a lack of opportunity back home in Morocco.
After taking out some parts of the House amendments, and combining others, the Senate approved a package of twelve suggested amendments on September 9, 1789.
After taking the Hinge, they were subjected to constant attacks, which eventually became sporadic and died off.
After talking with Aboriginal communities in his home region, Forrester was convinced that his people were in favour of a treaty.
After ten half-lives, over 99.9% of the radioactivity is gone.
After that, American settlers came and set up schools to teach the Navajo about English and Christianity.
After that a spray of a special reflective layer covers the bumps.
After that, Beausoleil stabbed Hinman to death, probably on Manson's instruction.
After that date, the Legislative Assembly would take over.
After that, even the university moved to Helsinki.
After that, experiments using Bell's theorem proved that entanglement actually happens between tiny particles.
After that he joined the Citizens' Theatre.
After that, he played for Police United (2014) and Okinawa SV (2016).
After that he preached outdoors.
After that he served as the first State President.
After that, in 2006, he worked in public safety with Los Angeles World Airports.
After that, it was fixed and went back to flying.
After that, Lemmy met Simon King in a shopping center in Chelsea and then joined the band Opal Butterfly for a short period.
After that, other carom games became more popular.
After that, people began to pass the rock to go to work and, noticing the furrows, they were amazed.
After that person, the Speaker of the Idaho House of Representatives would act as governor.
After that, Philip O'Connor was her partner until his death in 1998.
After that she st in the TV series 90-60-90 modelos (1996) and Ricos y famosos (1997).
After that, she went to the McGill University for one year and did a minor degree in cultural studies.
After that, the Ministry of Territory and Transportation outsourced it research to KAIST, which was committed from 1978 to 1981.
After that, the singer devoted herself as a great interpreter of the Brazilian national genre "samba-canção", alongside Maysa, Nora Ney and Dolores Duran.
After that the stepmother and the stepsisters went to the ball and Cinderella cried in the garden.
After that, The Undertaker fought Rusev (who was accompanied by Aiden English) in a Casket match.
After that, while appearing in television and movies as a member of the group, he also starred in Daiei as "The Fourth Man" along with Hitoshi Ueki, Hajime Hana, and Kei Tani.
After the 1929 general election, Chamberlain lost his job as Foreign Secretary.
After the 1956 earthquake there was a huge decrease in the population resulting in an economic catastrophe.
After the 1982 Cup a lot of players ended their career, so Austria failed to reach the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
After the 2010 AFC Championship Game, he announced that he was retiring from professional football.
After the 2012 election he was made Minister of Trade Investment, Minister of private sector Development and Minister of Consumer Protection, he served in those positions until 9 March 2018.
After the appearance of AlphaGo, several research groups have created computer Go programs with similar technical viewpoints.
After the Austro-Hungarian empire was formed in 1867 Burgenland was part of the Hungarian part of the monarchy.
After the battle about fifteen thousand men of the enemy were killed including their commander Ibrahim Lodi.
After the battle Jackson would be called "Stonewall".
After the Battle of Britain, the British only flew Defiants at night.
After the battle of Hafrsfjord in 872 Harald became king of most of Norway.
After the battle, the Japanese Navy was almost completely destroyed.
After the blood vessel constricts it dilates - becomes bigger.
After the bombarding, they surrendered.
After the building was made bigger and improved, it was used as the house for the Under Secretary of Ireland from 1782.
After the Burial has five members in the band; the current band members are Justin Lowe, Lerichard Foral, Trent Hafdahl, Dan Carle and Anthony Notarmaso.
After the Chera kingdom fell, the region was ruled by the Western Gangas and the Hoysalas.
After the Cis Sutlej Sikh States had accepted the protection of the British East India Company.
After the civil war, Pichilemu got its formal name and status.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union he tried to say he was sorry for what he did.
After the completion of the very successful first series of the revamped Doctor Who, the British media regularly released conflicting reports about how long Piper would be staying with the programme.
After the "Cosmic Plot Device Caper", Rebel Yell became leader of the LNH.
After the death of Dumbledore, Snape becomes headmaster.
After the death of his half brother Prince HyoJang, he became heir to the throne.
After the death of the tenth king, Eärendur, in T.A. 861, his three sons split Arnor into three new lands, one for each of them: Arthedain in the west, Cardolan in the south, and Rhudaur in the north.
After the decision to give them to Germany he was member of the organizational committee.
After the defeat, Hamilcar kills himself.
After the defeat of the French, Goya did not get on well with King Ferdinand VII.
After the defeat Team Avatar taunts him and calls him names, stating that he's not so tough now without his power.
After the duel, he pledges himself to Kronos, the last half blood needed for his resurrection.
After the elephant at the Jardin d'acclimatation were used at the Christmas table, the two elephants (Castor and Pollux) at the Paris' jardin zoologique were consumed on 31 December 1870 at Voisin.
After the end of the 2010/11 season he retired from football.
After the end of the war the community declined rapidly.
After the end of WWII, Bethlehem had another housing crisis.
After the events of Breaking the Bank, Henry is sitting in a jail cell.
After the family is made, the player can move them into a lot.
After the first game, Moore was ruled ineligible, and the Black Hawks lost the next game.
After the first molt (shedding its skin) the caterpillar is banded with yellow, black, and white stripes.
After the five-day period, the interrex would appoint (with the Senate's consent) another Senator for another five-day term. This process would continue until a new king was elected.
After the flop, another turn of betting takes place.
After the funk band disbanded, Staley joined Cantrell's band full-time and they renamed the band Alice in Chains.
After the government revealed plans to drastically cut government spending, Liberal Democrat approval ratings dropped to 14%, almost half the 34% rating that was recorded in April 2010.
After the Harry Potter films ended Melling went to Lamda drama school.
After their 25-year sleep, Gabrielle finds out that her stories had been read as far away as North Africa where they were popular among nomad tribes.
After their first album, the line-up has stayed the same.
After their marriage Siegfried and Kriemhild live in Siegfried's kingdom for some years.
After the loss of his cat, Harry fought with Shackleton during the expedition that lasted until 1917.
After the match, both shook hands in the ring.
After them the Sassanian dynasty (224-651) took over.
After the Naruto and Sasuke defeated both Kaguya and Black Zetsu, Madara was on the verge of death because of the Ten Tails and Demonic Statue extracted from his body.
After then, Jim started to dislike Edward.
After the ore is pelletized, it has to be cooled down to be used.
After the performance of this opera he made a six-month trip to Lombard and Mantua, where again he had to argue at the court about not being paid his pension.
After the Press conference ended, the PUP issued a press release saying that powers findings point to the Ministry of Health and the Hospitals Incompetence and lack of Accountability.
After the proclamation of the Republic on December 11, 1958, it operates in 1959 a surprising reversal of position vis-à-vis the proposed Federation of Mali defended by Léopold Sédar Senghor.
After the protests in Tiananmen Square rock and roll became part of general urban youth culture in China.
After the protest, the cafe has been reopened in a smaller area.
After the publication of Jude the Obscure in 1895 Hardy gave up novel writing but continued to write poetry including an epic poem called The Dynasts.
After the Queen disguised to a peddler and went to Snow White with a poisoned apple.
After the reconquest of the region by Iran and the crowding out of Turkish troops, in 1606-1607, as one of the loyal supporters of the Shah, Aykaz II was not only restored to his rights to Kashatag but also received some possessions beyond its borders.
After the relegation of Wuppertal he went on to Switzerland playing for FC Zürich.
After the reunification of Germany Hansa played together with Dynamo Dresden in the German Bundesliga.
After the satellite passed over the depression, the center of circulation moved closer to the northwest edge of the storm and convection started to decrease.
After the Second World War Germany stayed under allied control, at least in part, until 1955.
After The Second World War, the city was renamed to Havlíčkův Brod (Ford of Havlíček), after Karel Havlíček Borovský, famous writer and journalist.
After these disasters the League was thought to be weak and powerless and stopped operations in 1939.
After these ingredients are put together, the chocolate maker is still not finished.
After the separation of Gerner, Katrin lived in the Atelier with her daughter Johanna Flemming until Johanna went to a boarding school.
After the series ended, they broke up.
After the sovereign, the next-most senior member is the Grand Master.
After the stunt, the player could see if the consonants were in the puzzle, or call their own consonant.
After the success of the show, AMC started adding more original series and movies.
After the summit, Chicago's security system was improved.
After the Super Bowl controversy, Timberlake put his recording career on hold to act in several movies, having starred in a few feature movies earlier in his music career.
After the tour of Stadium Arcadium, the band took a break.
After the tour, the DVD Blíz ke hvízdám became the best-selling music DVD in 2008.
After the two ventures were combined into Baskin-Robbins, which would later become a world-famous ice cream parlor, pushed the slogan of ’
After the war Bautzen was well known in the German Democratic Republic because of its prison.
After the war Dönitz was charged and convicted of "crimes against peace" and "
After the war ended in 1919, Japan developed very fast.
After the war, Hammett returned to political activism.
After the war, he was involved in politics.
After the war, he was Secretary of War from June 1868 to March 1869.
After the war he went to Prague Academy for Music where he studied the piano with František Rauch and composition with Pavel Bořkovec.
After the war he worked as a journalist and a diplomat before entering into politics.
After the war, Manchuria was handed over to China by the Soviet Union.
After the war, many Asian countries became independent from European powers.
After the War of 1812, Constitutional changes allowed more men to vote by erasing the requirement to own property.
After the war, Rear-Admiral Michael Musmanno, a U.S. naval officer and judge, published several accounts apparently based on eye-witness testimony: According to one account.
After the war, Smuts joined the cabinet led by Louis Botha in 1907.
After the war, the ancient central fireplace of the League was made again at Buffalo Creek.
After the war the British codebreakers found out that the code machine was the Lorenz SZ42.sfncheck All the secret Colossus computers were taken to pieces, so that no one would find out about them.
After the war, the Duke and Duchess became celebrities and hosted parties and lived between Paris and New York.
After the war the Netherlands became one of the richest countries in the world.
After the war, Tuvia Bielski returned to Poland, then emigrated to present-day Israel in 1945.
After the Xianbei moved south in the 3rd century, the Rouran took over and conquered a lot of land.
After they fled, the lieutenant of Artemis offered the fallen god Moonwater to regain his strength.
After they have gone, news arrives that the railway company has run out of money.
After they proved it was possible for people to live in space they moved on.
After they won, Castracani was named "Duke of Lucca" by Louis IV the Bavarian.
After this event, The Hamer family was even poorer than before.
After this Kaia Wilson and Melissa York left the band to start another band called The Butchies.
After this, Nietzsche never wrote again and could not look after himself.
After this the Convention for a Democratic South Africa (CODESA) was formed.
After this, these countries started closer economic cooperation.
After this, three more groups tried to rescue those trapped in the mountains.
After this Wheatley became very poor.
After two months of testing and repairs, the rocket was moved to the pad on February 6, 1968.
After two years, Kōsei has not played the piano and he sees the world in monochrome.
After two years, they moved the mosque to a new bigger place at Linsen 1st Road in 1951 to accommodate larger crowds.
Afterwards he became coach of his former team FC Bayern München and won the title in 1994 and the UEFA Cup in 1996.
Afterwards, many blues and other artists have recorded their versions of the song.
Afterwards, Rabén and Sjögren would also publish the sequels, Pippi Goes on Board (1946) and Pippi in the South Seas (1948).
Afterwards, recorded numerous LP albums in different countries.
Afterwards, Rex goes to Hong Kong with Bobo Haha to stop Quarry from stealing items from a bank, including a piece of the blueprint.
Afterwards, she stays up late to finish some work for the church.
Afterwards there was a celebration, and foreign soldiers ran around stealing from the people and raping Chinese women.
Afterwards the rope is hooked into the other end.
Afterward the British government took control away from the Company.
After Wyatt again had the King's favor, he was sent on more missions to France and Flanders.
After years of fighting and this defeat, France did not want to continue fighting.
A full Croatian international since 2013, Kovačić represented the nation at the 2014 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2016.
A full Moon occurs when the moon and sun are on opposite sides of the Earth.
Again and his recent one Undisputed.
Again he tried, at the Candidates' tournament in 1953, but this was also unsuccessful, though he was still a strong player.
Again over hundreds of years and with numerous contributions this became formalised as the three language arts (
Again, she used her pseudonym to disguise her true identity; she feared being ignored because of being a woman.
Again, the matchups by seed are the same in both conferences.
Again, the two forms are equivalent (see the "proof" section below).
Again, this is a minority position.
Again, usually these share a shape with participles.
A galactic-scale gas wave in the solar neighbourhood.
Agamemnon had sacrificed their daughter Iphigenia before the war, as commanded by the gods.
A game played in a browser is often called a browser-based game.
A game that makes always fun while playing.
A gang member called Hillier cut Peter Septon's head off to claim a reward.
Agar is used in foods such as confectionery, meat and poultry products, desserts and beverages and moulded foods.
A gas cloud is expected to collide with the black hole in 2014 and provide additional information.
A gas may be cryogenic if it can be liquefied at or below convert.
A general systems collapse has been put forward as an explanation for the reversals in culture.
A Generation Divided: The New Left, the New Right, and the 1960s.
A generation of little girls will want to be her.
Agent 47 also has a lot of knowledge about disguising techniques and ways of accessing unauthorized areas of a location.
A gentle introduction.
Agents J and K must stop the bug before it can escape.
Ages and growth ot the continental crust from radiogenic isotopes.
A ghazal talks about both the pain of loss and the beauty of love in spite of that pain.
A giant elliptical galaxy can have mass of 10 13 (many trillions) of solar masses.
A girl perfectly, for the moment, perfectly confident of herself and the world.
A global partnership in medical education between Duke University and the National University of Singapore.
Agnew took a hard stand against the anti-war movement.
Agnew won after many Democrats voted for him.
A goal is part of what makes bullying what it is.
A good bonsai tree will have old-looking bark and old-looking roots too.
A good example of Victorian decorated cloth.
A good example would be a drug trial.
A good Hash Table will always find information at the same speed, no matter how much data is put in. A lot of Hash Tables also let the user put key/value pairs (a name and its data) in and take them out at the same speed.
A government of a country might receive royalty payments for mining, or extracting oil, and would protect its interest in the agreement with laws.
A great deal of ball clay, china stone, and lignite are extracted from the surrounding mountains.
A great hall was a rectangular room between 1.5 and 3 times as long as it was wide, and also higher than it was wide.
A great lord consults several wise men about the future of his newborn daughter Talia.
Agreed not to resist after Northern France was conquered.
Agriculture is the back bone of Pakistan's economy.
A griot was born into and trained by a griot family.
A groundbreaking ceremony was held for the tower in January 2013.
A group of artists made the drawings.
A group of businessman called the Boston Associates recruited thousands farm girls from New England to operate the machines in the new factories.
A group of doctors challenged this law.
A group of functions in the C standard library are typically used for dynamic memory allocation.
A group of Jewish people called the Maccabees revolted and liberated Jerusalem.
A group of prominent Egyptians demanded that the then Wāli, Ahmad Khurshid Pasha, step down and Muhammad Ali be installed as the new Wāli in 1805.
A group of sheep is called a flock.
AGSO Journal of Australian Geology and Geophysics 16, 379-398.
Aguascalientes houses the largest festival held in Mexico, the San Marcos Fair, which takes place from the middle of April to the beginning of May.
"A Guide to the Terminology of German Harmony", Studies in the Origin of Harmonic Tonality by Dahlhaus, Carl, trans.
A guyot, also known as a tablemount, is an isolated underwater volcanic mountain (
A gypsum plaster model was made of her body.
A hall of fame is sometimes an actual building where awards, trophies and memrobilia are stored but sometimes a hall of Fame is just a list of award winners.
A handful of fans-only private screenings took place around the world.
A hate group is a group that hates a specific group of people.
A highly sensitive metal bilayer needs only a small shift in temperature to dramatically alter its magnetism.
A History of Eastern Europe: Crisis and Change.
A history of Greek philosophy, vol 1, the earlier presocratics and the pythagoreans.
A History of Inner Asia.
A History of the English-Speaking Peoples: Age of Revolution.
Ahmad, Vice Chairperson of the Nitol-Niloy Group.
Aḥmad was very sick and died when as a baby. citation Someone who lived at the same time as the Báb said he was very calm and quiet; they said the Báb only spoke who he had too, and did not even answer questions.
A hospital in Ashford, Kent is named after Harvey.
A huge tax would be needed to reclaim these territories.
A hull-loss accident is when a plane is damaged so badly it cannot be fixed.
A Hurricane Hunter scouting flight reported hail, which is unusual for tropical cyclones.
A hypothesis in science is a word meaning "An educated guess about how something works".
Ai is coached by her mother and plays a game based on her fitness and speed, utilizing an aggressive serve and volley whenever feasible.
Air Åland ceased flying in 2012 because FlyBe started flying the Helsinki-Mariehamn-route.
Airbus Industrie thought that South-East-Asia was a good place to sell planes.
Air does not go into and back out of the lungs as in mammals.
Airing in various timeslots throughout the daytime hours and serving as BFMTV's de facto flagship news program, it features national and international news, along with sports, business and weather updates.
Air International, July 1993, Vol. 45, No 1, pp. 53–57.
Airlines’ slogan "The Spirit of Australia" sounds strikingly similar to the games’ slogan "Share the Spirit." despite Ansett Air being the official sponsor.
Airlines started ordering a lot of A320neos.
Airlines turned 737-400s into cargo aircraft by themselves.
Airplanes included two seaplane squadrons and one bomber squadron.
Air traffic control service is not provided in uncontrolled airspace.
Air travel was affected.
A Japanese Barbie hit the market in 1985 as one of the first other nationalities offered with the collection of International Dolls of the World Barbies following its release.
AJAX stands for Asynchronous JavaScript and XML.
A jejune argument is one that is empty (like the jejunum) and totally devoid of interest.
A jig is a lively dance.
Ajit Varadaraj Pai (born January 10, 1973) is an American attorney.
A joint of the head and the body was made thin so that a child was easy to grasp it.
A journalist from the Czech newspaper Parlamentní listy who visited the area in April 2015 found a house that had been abandoned for about thirty years, according to people living in the vicinity.
A judge can streamline a case by asking for what he wants to see and hear, not what is presented for the benefit of a jury.
Akef was arrested on 4 July 2013.
A key aspect of epidemiology is surveillance studies, which provides the numerical data and statistics that epidemiologists use.
A key supposedly taken from him is in Speaker's House, Palace of Westminster.
Akhenaten's religion only lasted until his death.
A kilogram (kg) is the mass of 1 litre of water (at convert temperature and convert pressure).
A kind of game which young children play with adults is the 'why game'.
A Komondor is a large territorial dog.
Aladdin gets the lamp, but the sorcerer tries to trick him.
Alagar kovil is also near by, within 18 km.
Alam received many awards for photography, including the Mother Jones and the Andrea Frank Awards.
Alan Gray was a very tall man: 2 metres (nearly 6 ft 7in).
Alappuzha is well connected by waterways to various other parts of Kerala, including the famous tourist destination of Kumarakom; and the district is itself a well known tourist destination.
A large crowd of people who were working as volunteers during the influenza epidemic.
A large Morrisons store has been blamed for closing some small shops.
A lariat where a wrestler doesn't run but strikes the opponent while standing next to them is sometimes called a short range lariat or a burning lariat.
Al-Awalqi is from the Shabwah Governorate in Yemen.
A law passed in 1956 made it a national motto.
Alazaki would go on to beat international competition and win the first-place position and a monetary reward of 100,000 Emirati dirham.
Alba County has an area of 6,242 km².
Al-Badar means The Battlefield of Badar.
Alba tells Natasha that she is falling in love with her.
Alba wanted to act since she was five.
Alberta was president of the Ebenezer Women's Committee from 1950 to 1962.
Albert François Cevert Goldenberg (25 February 1944 – 6 October 1973) was a French racing driver.
Albert H. Wilkening (February 1, 1946 – April 8, 2020) was an American major general.
Alberto travelled usually northeast on an unpredictable course and for a hort time, strengthened to a Category 1 hurricane, one of the earliest hurricanes of June.
Albert's sons divided Saxony into the duchies of Saxe-Lauenburg and Saxe-Wittenberg.
Albrechsberger enjoyed doing things with music which were not normally done.
Album sold more than three million copies.
Albums such as Face to Face, Something Else, The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society, Arthur, Lola Versus Powerman and the Moneygoround and Muswell Hillbillies, are considered among the most influential recordings of the period.
Alburnoides eichwaldii is a type of freshwater fish that lives in temperate waters.
Albuterol has some common side effects.
Aldermen are usually chosen by the people of a municipality or by the municipal council.
Alec Gehard Olson (born September 11, 1930) is an American politician.
Alejandro Gómez Cabral (11 April 1967 31 January 2021) was a Spanish long-distance runner.
Alekhine was known for his attacking style: he was good at turning an initiative into a win.
Alessandra Ambrosio became engaged to Jamie Mazur in 2008.
Alexander II on 13 March 1881, are often thought of as nihilists.
Alexander won the Battle of Issus.
Alex Brown was in the very first episode of Signing Time! before his third birthday.
Alexeïeff conceived this device to make animation movies showing the same kind of textural effects that its engravings.
Alex shortened version of the male name Alexander or the female version Alexandria.
Alexy Bugaev at a ski competition in 2013.
Alfred became king in the middle of this conflict.
Alfred Neubauer, German racing team manager (b.
Alfredo Enrique Borrero Vega (born 19 October 1955) is an Ecuadorian neurosurgeon and politician.
Alfred remained on the throne.
Algae growth can be reduced by using some method to prevent light from reaching the roots, for example, black plastic, or aluminium foils.
Algeria began the tournament with a shock 2–1 win over West Germany on the opening day.
Alger wrote almost entirely for boys after the success of Ragged Dick.
Algol (β Persei) is a triple-star system (Algol A, B, and C) in the constellation Perseus.
Alice Tully, American music promoter and philanthropist (d.
A line segment is part of a line.
A Little Too Not Over You is a 2009 song.
Ali was soon challenged by Muawiyah, the governor of the Muslim provinces of Syria.
Alkoxide ions have a charge of -1.
All 144 passengers and 6 crew on board the aircraft died in the crash.
All 15 films were licensed in North America by Funimation, and all have received in-house dubs by the company.
All 167 passengers and crew are killed in the worst ever air disaster involving the Boeing 727.
All 194 people were moved to Norfolk in 1856.
All 241 passengers and crew are unharmed.
All 52 people on board were killed, as well as 19 on the ground in the crash.
Allahabad District is divided into blocks within tehsils.
Allah does not need human prayers because he has no needs at all.
All animals or plants that are the same kind belong to the same species.
All Arabians have black skin under their hair coat, except under white markings.
; all are meant by the term vegetation.
All are pelagic, small, and transparent, and swim using wing-like flaps (parapodia) which protrude from their bodies.
All artists are allowed to join.
All avatars have appeared except Kalki, who will appear at the end of the Kali Yuga.
All Bugattis have a 16-cylinder engine and all cost between $1.8 million to $2.2 million (not counting the extras).
All but the leatherback are in the family Chelonioidea.
All car sales were down.
All citizens voted on major decisions of government.
All commercial fuel cell vehicles use this type of fuel cell.
All common DRM technologies have been broken.
"All dance music makes use of syncopation and it's often a vital element that helps tie the whole track together".
All educational institutions of Pakistan were declared closed on 30 April to pay tribute to him.
Alleged fugitives generally may not challenge extradition proceedings.
All endgame positions can be put into two camps.
Allen wanted an "ultimate" roller coaster that "sends out 24 people and they all come back dead". citation Urbonas took Allen's idea and designed the roller coaster.
Allén was elected to chair 3 of the Swedish Academy in 1980. citation Allén is also a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
Allen was married to Dorothy Goodman from 1943 until they divorced in 1952.
Allen was nominated for Best Actor.
Allen was strict, but good, and during his time as conductor the Choir gave many important first London performances including Vaughan Williams' Toward the Unknown Region and A Sea Symphony and Parry's Songs of Farewell.
Alley plays former lover for a villain named Luther.
All fifteen flamens were part of the College of Pontiffs, responsible for administering state-sponsored religion.
All five banks are classified as Schedule I banks that are domestic banks operating in Canada under government charter.
All for the privilege of merely leasing the land for five years."
All game modes can be played in multiplayer.
All he wants to do is to find a wife, so he is always misled to do many stupid things by or with his friends, especially Barney.
All human knowledge could only be relatively true, so Comte with a look at these interpretations.
All humans came from the same race, and separated into different races later.
All in all he played 59 matches for Austria.
Allin died on 4 January 2016 in Bideford, aged 28. He jumped to his death off a bridge.
Allison Janney is the record holder for most wins by a cast member, with a total of four Emmys.
Alliteration is common for poetry.
All its land in the Malay archipelago became property of the Dutch crown.
All land plants have alternation of generations.
All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.
All levels are from songs from official artists, including F-777, DJVI, DJ-Nate, and more.
All living things have cells.
All lyrics written by Roger Waters.
All Muslims who are able to perform the Hajj are expected to do so at least once in their life.
All news about the announcement of the award was immediately censored in China.
All of his career was for the Brooklyn Dodgers.
All of his recorded verses are in Hindi.
All of the American members of Lycosa have been transferred to Hogna or Tigrosa.
All of the cities are on the coast, because everywhere else is covered by a big layer of ice.
All of the Green Lanterns since then have worn rings that were not magic, but advanced technology.
All of them are very old.
All of them took the Labour whip.
All of these changes were a major break from the traditions of the Catholic Church.
All of these games ended in a draw.
All of these phrases are from The Sims.
All of these researchers represented Anastasi’s work.
All of these spelling systems have changed little for the past few hundred years, even though their spoken languages sound very different from how they used to sound.
All of these terms are important for them to know.
All of these vacancies were filled through by-elections.
All of the singles have been certified platinum or higher in the US, with "Roar" and "Dark Horse" each being certified Diamond.
All of this makes the blood pressure go up.
All other Communists were imprisoned and Jewish families were taken hostage in the hope that the partisan movement would cease its operations.
All other polygons must meet both of the conditions.
All over the world, about 10 million people are affected by TBI every year.
All politicians have to argue, compromise, and make deals with each other to get things done.
All pupils live at the school.
All said the army should stay and fight the Confederates.
All shrews are small, most no larger than a mouse.
All skeletal reconstructions are composite extrapolations.
All songs written and composed by Guns N' Roses, except where noted.
All songs written by John Lennon.
All species in the group have teeth.
All stages of the building's history were conserved, not just its use as a Synagogue.
All subsequent revivals of Secret exist in their entirety.
All teams play each other two times.
All the animals had two puncture wounds on their neck in which the blood had been drained.
All the children were in awe of the beautiful cake Hulda's grandmother made, and they were all aware of the magic it held.
All the contents of the tank were released within a period of about two hours.
All the countries which use the Bible as the basis of their Christianity use some liturgical versions of their own language.
All the different phases of the game offer many choices.
All the male rulers of the dynasty took the name Ptolemy.
All the men in Stowe's book show either patient men or traditional men.
All the names of the mountains, lakes, rivers and passes are in Balti/Ladakhi, suggesting that this land has been part of Baltistan/Ladakh province for a long time.
All the old releases are available on the official website and shared through Torrent.
All the organs during the cathedral’s history were built against the north wall because the sound was best there.
All the others have gone."
All the same, fear from some of the younger boys spreads.
All these features contributed to the success of the city.
All these parts of the Christmas story are remembered and celebrated in different ways at Christmas: in pictures, songs, plays, stories and in models that are called "cribs", "creches" or "presepe".
All these were thought to be uniquely human abilities.
All the teachings Buddha gives lead to this goal.
All the vaults say a variety of sentences.
All the world's polyethylene and polypropylene are produced with organometallic catalysts.
All those infected and in isolation remain in a stable condition.
All three histories combined with the copious listed Congressional Record testimony, articles, and curriculum vitae, provide the Wikipedia material.
All three want to catch the killer.
All tickets were sold.
All together, probably more than two hundred thousand Huguenots ran away.
All towers can be upgraded four tiers.
All were withdrawn from service by 1989.
All work was done in very exposed conditions high over fast-running tides in the river.
Allyson finds a boy named Danny (Johnny Pacar) and selects him after a mystery happens to her and her crew.
Alma killed at least three people, and possibly twenty.
Al-Malik al-Rahim is taken prisoner.
Almost all aspects of the synthesis have been challenged at times, with varying degrees of success.
Almost all students enter new schools or universities in April.
Almost all the designer brands of Europe and North America design these styles of espadrilles.
Almost all trucks have water-cooled inline 6 cylinder (I6) engines.
Almost anybody can become an architect if they want to.
Almost every pilaster is set at a different angle to the next one as if the flat walls had been folded up.
Almost everywhere, the ground 10 feet (3m) below the Earth's surface maintains a nearly constant temperature between 50° and 60 °F (10° and 16 °C).
A local politician, Hoshi was mired in a corruption scandal, but ultimately acquitted.
A logical fallacy is simply a bad argument.
Along its first convert, the river flows southeast and then slowly begins to turn towards the west.
A longlist of 15 artists is published each December.
Along the wall, there were watchtowers for guardposts.
A longtime rival of John Gotti, Marino was involved in the murder-conspiracy that killed Frank DeCicco instead of Gotti in 1986.
Along with adding these specific classes Dudley also added an entire teaching department to the school, that taught pupils to be a teacher while placing special emphasis on "courtesy, manners, and an appreciation to culture in general."
; along with Antalyaspor, Manisaspor and Eskişehirspor.
Along with author Damon Knight and husband James Blish, Kidd developed a method of critique known internationally as the Milford Method.
Along with Hi Ho, she was stationed at Blackwall with the turntable ladder while Shadbrook was closed for appliance bay repairs.
Along with this division, there were also nine organized market places.
A lot is known about Michelangelo's life because he left many letters, poems and journals.
A lot of children who are sensitive to dairy or gluten will find this leads to eczema flare ups.
A lot of electricity is used in arc welding.
A lot of people liked Cortex as a villain.
A lot of these murders are by care givers such as the mothers of disabled people.
Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure (or just Alpha and Omega 2) is a 2013 American computer-animated action comedy movie.
Alpha caused a total of 43 deaths in the island (being the sixth deadliest storm of the season).
Al-Qaheri wrote his book debut in field of entrepreneurship which its name is "الطريق إل ريادة الاعمال" (The Way to Entrepreneurship) on 2017.
Al-Qasim has published several volumes and collections of poetry.
Already a veteran firefighter, he started out as Temporary Crew Commander, although this position was later handed to Sally Fields.
Already in 1925 there were exposed about 400 works of Armenian, Russian and European masters in the six halls of the art section.
Already in the professional era, Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata entered in the history of Argentine soccer with a famous team known as "El Expreso" (The Express).
Also, a house in Spanish Town was destroyed.
Also, a statue of Einstein is nearby in the gardens of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities.
Also because of his size, he is the slowest runner.
Also called world language.
Also, Cathars preached that only these Good leaders had to follow the regimens their whole lives - lay people could repent only on their deathbeds.
Also controversial was the decision not to release any photographic or DNA evidence of bin Laden's death to the public.
Also, despite the poor timing of the release, the movie did do well both critically and at the box office in the United States.
Also dwell times at stations were increased because of the increased number of passengers per door.
Also, Dylan is paying attention to art.
Also, Fikru Aligaz has been providing a three-day praise and worship service with the Bethel Praise & Worship Choir to reach local Christian and Non-Christian members of the community twice a year since 1998.
Also, giving, sharing, and accommodating strangers were some of its best quality.
Also he and Claire get back together.
Also he became third in the International Finger Style Guitar Championship in Winfield, Kansas.
Also, he worked on the Titan operating system.
Also, if the equation is correct, then n is a prime number.
Also in 1585 Giovanni had been appointed as organist of Scuola Grande di San Rocco, where he composed ceremonial music.
Also in 1925, Rij-Rousseau founded the Association of Modern-Age Female Painters.
Also in 2003, the band had participated in the Summer Sanitarium Tour.
Also includes a Kalliope shape model.
Also includes commentary on music videos by Oasis members.
Also India is one of the only countries to have the highest variety in masalas.
Also, in programmed learning, a complete system was proposed which included these stages: Adjusted from Unwin D. 1967.
Also in the same area are the Emerald Puteri Hotel http://www.emeraldputerihotel.com/ and Northern Lodge Hotel.
Also, it began to sell in the part of supermarkets and convenience stores in 1990's.
Also, it hosts the factory of Reims Aviation.
Also, it may be used for some cutting or scraping actions.
Also Karan once saved Preeta from the local goons who tried to misbehave with her.
Also known as Enya the Hag, she is the oldest of DIO's confidents and is responsible for awakening his ability to use a Stand through the Stand-granting Bow and Arrow.
Also known as "Rockfish Depot" even though the railroad depot building has been gone for decades.
Also, Kulap was beneath a tropical upper tropospheric trough (TUTT cell) that caused subsidence.
Also like acids, the strength of an alkali is rated using the pH scale.
Also located in the building are the downtown offices of the individual aldermen and staff.
Also, many of his friends made fun of him because his initials spelled out "MOE".
Also mentioned below is a flying ring, made under the brand name Aerobie.
Also, minor portrayals in Demetrius and the Gladiators (1954) and Caligula (1979).
Also, more Mongolians can read Cyrillic than Mongolian script.
Also, moving a pawn one square forward to allow this.
Also noteworthy is the presidencies of the Swiss Alfred Dick and Giuseppe Hess and Frenchman Jean-Claude Blanc, the only non-Italian to become presidents of the club.
Also of note this season is an unusual gap in storm formation during the first three weeks of August.
Also on the wheel are two "1/2 Car" tags.
Also, other characters may be added to indicate hands, similar to the Japanese emoticons; but usually they are only attached on the right.
Also referred to as a Blown Spot.
Also, Roman law allowed inheritance only through the male line.
Also, Seanad Éireann can debate these issues with more freedom because the fate of the Government will not be at stake.
Also Shusaku Hojo is Suzu’s husband.
Also, silver needs to be cleaned more often because it smudges easily.
Also, sometimes emails or attachments are infected with viruses.
Also, sometimes magazines come with little gifts to reward the readers who buy it.
Also, the 23rd Street station is Green and also the 23rd Street station is located in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan.
Also, the bombings did not cause the Germans to give up but left 450,000 of them homeless.
Also, the company's logo was added.
Also, the data obtained from experiments using an inductively coupled plasma source is often linear.
Also, their pectoral fins are enlarged, like those of a ray.
Also, the likelihood of it happening is different in different populations.
Also, the proportion of the light reflected is much less under water (0.001–0.6%) than in air (2–5%).
Also, there are no signs for these Interstate Highways.
Also, there have been changes in short-term storage and handling in ports.
Also, there is 1 special educational school for handicapped.
Also, the Russians drove deep into Austria.
Also, the upper class are encouraged to help out the under class when help is needed and can be given.
Also the user can choose to play games on, and post blogs to share with their friends and family.
Also, the windows of the plane don't use slide-down shades like most planes.
Also, the woodpecker’s brain is held in a skull with uneven, spongy plates that absorb shock.
Also they have got 13 different kinds of coachbuses.
Also two so called "booster packs" are available: Euro Forces which brings the army of the European Union into the game and Armored Fury which relocates the storyline to North America.
Also, when a drug is given intravenously, 100% of the drug gets into the bloodstream.
Also, whenever the player walks where another trainer can see the player, the two must battle.
AltaMira Press. p. 4. Other scholars think that the word "sharia" originally meant "path to the water hole".
Altamont has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
Alternate Channels: The Uncensored Story of Gay and Lesbian Images on Radio and Television.
Alternatively, another way is to take one entrance of the wormhole and move it to within the gravitational field of an object that has higher gravity than the other entrance, and then return it to a position near the other entrance.
Alternatively, what forms the core of the show is also reflected in the beautiful love story between Joba and the son of the very affluent family, Param.
Although a few people thought that Berlioz was an original composer, many others thought his music was very strange.
Although almost all animals communicate, human language is unique.
Although a new red coat usually grows in one month, some red foxes have other colored coats such as golden, reddish-brown, silver, or even black.
Although Badjcinus was successful in its period, it probably was pushed out by other, better developed thylacinids.
Although coke is more expensive than coal, it can be used in households as a clean fuel, relatively free of smoke and impurities.
Although flamethrowers project flames, burning was not the most common form of death associated with these weapons.
Although Hargraves was very famous and rich, he lived so lavishly that he became broke by 1860.
Although he already has a lover, Lubasha, he now decides he loves Marfa, the daughter of the merchant Sobakin.
Although he initially played as regular forward, he lost his position and he played many matches as substitute forward from June.
Although he learned to play the piano and to compose, he just wanted to be a conductor.
Although he played as the regular goalkeeper until 2007, he sustained a knee injury that same year.
Although he played only one game, Japan won the 2nd place.
Although he remained in the army until May 1865, he was not given another command.
Although, he still refused to forgive Hera.
Although he was able to return home he died shortly afterwards.
Although he was not as famous as his daughters and brothers, he still had an important job.
Although he was not severely injured he died in the night due to an heart failure.
Although he was the first to participate in the competition of the cinema actress opened by Yıldız Magazine in 1953, he went to the military without translating the film.
Although he would be famous for writing about rural life, Frost grew up in the city, and published his first poem in his high school's magazine.
Although Humphrey lost the popular vote narrowly, he lost the electoral college in a landslide, carrying just fifteen states.
Although it can be mistakenly described as the appearance of a bank movie, he looks like an older person and wears the same company emblem as the main characters around his neck.
Although it could have been named, the subtropical storm remained without a name because it was only identified a long time after the official season had finished.
Although it is a French Bank, it owns lots of banks in other countries around the world.
Although it is generally considered poisonous, deaths from its consumption are extremely rare, and it is eaten as a food in parts of Europe, Asia, and North America after parboiling.
Although it vowed to continue to seek an independent Basque state.
Although, it was not built by B&M.
Although it wasn't until 843 he became king of the now united Pictish & Scottish tribes.
Although Joel tries to wake up and stop getting rid of her from his mind, Dr. Mierswiak and his employees keep going on the process.
Although Krzysztof Książek was not qualified for the finals of the Chopin Competition, Andrzej Sułek believes that his name may return to the competition in those days.
Although Lacotte re-choreographed most of the ballet himself, he restored Joseph Mazilier's original mime sequences and mise-en-scène, as well as Marius Petipa's 1881 additions.
Although land acquisitions were made for a station at Tsuen Wan West, the station was never built.
Although Leonidas lost the battle, his death at Thermopylae was seen as a heroic sacrifice.
Although Louis dreamed of a Spanish inheritance for his heirs, his military policy was not to expand French territory.
Although many cities today have only been around for tens or hundreds of years, there are a few which have been so for thousands of years.
Although most people call this "road tax" or "car tax", it is officially called "vehicle excise duty".
Although most species have no legs, their head shapes, movable eyelids, and external ear openings show they are lizards.
Although new to the film industry, throughout the years Zegler has performed leading roles in school musicals, and local theaters even occasional work as a wedding singer.
Although one might expect a professional to be better than an amateur, this is not always the case.
Although originally thought to be a mixed use building when planned in 2012 and approved in 2013, the building was reenvisioned as an apartment building in 2016.
Although she was the last women leaving makkah on her donkey, she passed her friends.
Although sunlight is free, solar panels cost a lot of money to make and have only a 10-20% conversion efficiency.
Although the album was released on November 26, 2008, the song was released to the public for free listening on the Universal Japan website on November 11, 2008.
Although the board conducts most of its work through committees, a number of important decisions are reserved for the entire board including approval of any art acquisition costing more than $1 million.
Although the Bull shark is rarely the target species of commercial fisheries, it is usually caught accidentally along with other catches.
Although the character " 六 " (literally: "six") is normally pronounced "Liù", in this case it changes to "Lù" on account of the historical literary reading.
Although the docking was smooth enough, while the spacecrafts orbited together, they started to roll and pitch.
Although the enemy is inside the character, they can be influenced by outside forces.
Although the exact dates of Walpole's dominance are not entirely clear, the period 1721–1742 is often used.
Although the Germans had run out of food and had no fuel, they continued to fight.
Although the number of passengers able to be carried remains the same, the range of the -200ER is increased to 7725 nautical miles (14,305 km).
Although there are many differences between single trains, the basic body design is the same.
Although there has been architecture for thousands of years, there have not always been architects.
Although the settled portion of Texas was an area rich in cotton plantations and dependent on slavery, the territory acquired in the Mountain West did not seem hospitable to cotton or slavery.
Although the SPD lost about 20 per cent of the votes in the elections on 3 December 1950, Ernst Reuter remained in the office.
Although the Turkish representatives participated in the plenaries of the conference, they were not invited to the preceding working sessions at which the Great Powers negotiated their agreement.
Although they no longer looked like prisons, patients still had little freedom or hope of leaving.
Although this is normally forbidden under the Oregon State Constitution.
Although this was quite efficient, it used to wear easily.
Although unable to destroy the artillery, it caused problems for the German artillery troops.
Aluminium arsenide is an orange solid.
Aluminium is classified as a non-carcinogen by United States Department of Health and Human Services.
A lunar month (one new moon The timing of the months in the Islamic calendar is based on astronomical observation.
A magazine called No Depression later came out that was written about alternative country.
A main line is a railway line that is a main trunk route and connects large cities.
A male deer is called a stag or buck, a female deer is called a doe or hind, and a young deer is called a fawn, kid or calf.
Amalia was not happy with her mother's decision.
A man and woman can also have sexual intercourse for pleasure, without wishing to have a baby.
A man is killed on a boat at Gourd Lake, and Miles Edgeworth is accused of the murder.
A man, Johnny Castaway, is stuck on a very small island with one palm tree.
A man named George Holliday, who lived nearby, saw what was going on.
A man named Godot is prosecuting him, and has a grudge against Phoenix.
A man named Jonas Yerks (or Yerkes) is believed to have been the first man to make tomato ketchup a national phenomenon.
A man named Jon Stevens was his temporary replacement for about 5 years.
A manual transmission usually has a clutch pedal, which the driver must press while shifting gears.
A man who could not speak it correctly was regarded as a German.
A man with attraction to an adolescent boy (
A map of all the locations of the Canadian Grand Prix.
A map of the United Kingdom showing the three mountains.
A map representing the average bank which criminals try to rob.
Amaterasu heard them, and looked out to see why the gods were laughing.
A material with a negative Poisson's ratio will expand in all directions as it is stretched.
Amateur radio operators talk to each other in many ways.
Amber was much valued as an ornamental material in early times, but also for religious purpose.
Ame becomes confident in himself after a near-death experience, and the children are allowed to attend school.
A medication abortion can only be done early on in the pregnancy.
A meeting is a group of people who come together at one place to discuss something, make something, or play games together.
A memorial stone was put in place in 2001.
A mere 91 voters out of 201, 457 souls taking part wanted to remain and voted in favour of Pakistan.
American Airlines Flight 96 was a flight operated by American Airlines.
American Educational History Journal 26 (1):20–26.
American handball is played on a court 12.2 meters long by 6.1 meters wide (40 feet long by 20 feet wide) with either a single (front) wall, three walls, or in a fully enclosed four-wall court (the most common).
American Heart Association.
American Historical Association.
American Idol has three judges, who give comments on performances.
American Indian rituals are also popular in the New Age movement because they focus on the elements of nature and man's relationship to them.
American Jack Sharkey to become the heavyweight champion of the world.
American Journal of Preventive Medicine, January 2005; vol 28: pp 1-8.
American mortar crew fighting near the Rhine, 1945.
American Scientist 81 (No. 1), pp. 36–47.
American software architect.
Americans owned most of Cuba’s businesses.
America Over the Water.
America pinned Piper after a leg drop.
America's Instrument: The Banjo in the Nineteenth Century.
Amerika Samoa: A History of American Samoa and Its United States Naval Administration Annapolis, Maryland: United States Naval Institute.
A metropolis often has many smaller towns and cities inside its area.
A Mexican village keeps on getting raided for food and supplies by a bandit (
A Middle East Airlines plane from Paris flew to the Rafik Hariri International Airport at 6:06 p.m. Lebanese time (3:03 p.m. GMT).
A midfielder in football is a player who usually plays in the centre of the field.
A midshipman is an officer cadet, or a commissioned officer.
A million votes were cast, and the voting was heavily influenced by public campaigns for various candidates.
A mine surveyor is the person who finds out the position of underground mines, for example gold mines or coal mines.
Amini was known as a critic of the government of former president Mahmoud Ahmedinejad.
A minor planet named "6562 Takoyaki" was discovered in 1991 by M. Yanai and K. Watanabe at Katani.
Aminul Islam is a Bangladeshi movie editor and musician.
A "mirage" effect seen through sugar water.
A mix of layouts also exist.
Amnesia is a problem with remembering things.
A modem for the Nintendo 64DD, which only released in Japan.
A modern behind the ear hearing aid, the audio tube to the speaker is barely visible.
A modern discipline, called Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD), is devoted to this approach to solving fluid mechanics problems.
A modern piano sounds quite different.
A monarch's reign was sometimes used to mark time officially.
Among all United States counties, it is in eighth place.
Among his best-known films are Cleopatra, Samson and Delilah; The Greatest Show on Earth, which won the Academy Award for Best Picture; and The Ten Commandments, which was his last and most successful movie.
Among his better known works are The Murder of Aziz Khan (1967), The Incredible Brazilian (trilogy, 1972-78), Don Bueno (1983) and The Triple Mirror of the Self (1992).
Among his friendly relations he counted Philippine de Rothschild.
Among many of the places he built for his workers to go to in their free time, Hershey built the Hershey Park, now a popular amusement park.
Among other attractions of these fairs are puppet shows and merry-go-rounds.
Among other responsibilities, the Deputy National Security Advisor serves as Executive Secretary to the National Security Council Principals Committee, and as Chairman of the National Security Council Deputies Committee.
Among other tales, he was said to have carried a bull on his shoulders and to have burst a band about his forehead by inflating the veins of his temples.
Among other things, they were so popular that thousands of people would gather outside the hotels they stayed in day and night meaning that they could never leave their rooms unless they were playing a concert.
Among people of Western culture around the world, there are several influences on the way societies feel about nudity.
Among the Bantu Kavirondo married women wear a short fringe of black string in front and a tassel of banana fiber suspended from a girdle behind.
Among the clan's women, Manisha has a similar role as Lao among the men.
Among their best-known songs today are "Blitzkrieg Bop" and "I Wanna Be Sedated."
Among them are Vincent Irizarry, who played Dr. David Hayward on All My Children, Eva LaRue, who played Maria Santos on All My Children and is now a regular on CSI: Miami, and Jake Weary, who played Luke Snyder on As The World Turns.
Among them were a group of talking police dogs called the Canine Corps.
Among the notable one is Tamsui.
Among these, the Bliss version, written some time after the speech for a friend, is seen by lots of people as the most reliable text.
Among the sponsors, there are the Austrian government, the local administration of Vorarlberg and private banks.
Among those influenced were the Russian Alexander Afanasyev, the Norwegians Peter Christen Asbjørnsen and Jørgen Moe, the English Joseph Jacobs, and Jeremiah Curtin, an American who collected Irish tales.
Among those present at the foundation of the Mahā Thūpa are mentioned thirty thousand monks from the Bodhimanda Vihara, led by Cittagutta.
A Monokuma appears in front of her then other start to surround her, she faints and wakes up in a room.
Amont also recorded in Occitan and promoted Bearn culture from the 1950s.
A month before touring for Louder Than Love began, bassist Hiro Yamamoto left to go back to college.
Amoore spoke on the third night of the Republican National Convention on September 3, 2008.
A more vivid and adventurous style.
A move which attacks the opposing king, and which the opponent cannot get out of.
A movie version of the musical was released in 1953.
A movie was made about the lives of Vicious and Spungen.
Amphibian declines: the conservation status Of United States species.
AmphibiaWeb was founded by the Digital Library Project at the University of California at Berkeley in 2000.
Amphitrite was found by Albert Marth on March 1, 1854.
A multiple-choice question is a question where you choose which answer (e.g. a, b, c or d) is correct.
A museum is open in Glarus dedicated to her.
Am working to provide insight into this "theory" and/or "definition", to further provide knowledge into ideas, concepts, philosophy, and truth.
Amy and Dan made a temporary alliance with 15 year old Hamilton Holt.
Amy and Rory are back at home.
Amy Jean Klobuchar (born May 25, 1960) is an American politician and lawyer.
A myocyte (also known as a muscle cell) Daniel Albert et al 2012.
An 1822 law in Singapore said that all houses made of brick or tiles should be similar in the front.
An acid rain involves deposition of aqueous acids, acidic gases and acidic salts.
An active volcano is currently erupting, or it has erupted in the last 10,000 years.
An actual bitcoin transaction from a web based cryptocurrency exchange to a hardware wallet.
An adult flounder has both eyes on the upper side of its body.
An adult Saimaa ringed seal is between convert long and weighs between convert.
'An Advanced History of India' 4th ed Delhi, 1998 The place of battle field is disputed by historians, but most of them are in favour of horiana in Punjab regions not far away from Delhi.
An adviser to Kamehameha noted that the Union Flag could draw Hawaii into international problems as his kingdom could be seen as an ally of the United Kingdom, and he quickly lowered the Union Flag over his home.
An air commodore is an air officer rank.
An airplane must move forward to stay in the air, but because the helicopter's rotor blades are always moving, the helicopter can stop and stay in one place above the ground.
An algorithm is said to be differentially private if, based on its output, it is impossible to tell whether or not a particular individual was in the dataset.
An algorithm is simply a series of steps to solve a problem.
An allergy in a poodle will lead to non-stop itching that will see a poodle scratching out its hair, and this could also result in sores.
An almost campus feel evolved, with a triangular village green, infant and junior schools, the School of Art and the Day Continuation School (originally intended for young Cadbury employees) and a host of events such as fêtes and Maypole dances.
Anal sex can still pass sexually transmitted diseases from one partner to another.
An alternative orthography also came up: Coritiba.
Analysis of short time series: correcting for autocorrelation.
Analysts thought that Adams was at a geographic disadvantage in the five-way primary for both the special and regular elections (held on the same day).
An ambassador, he was the United States Ambassador to the European Union.
An ambassador may bring people with him to help him and work at the embassy.
•An angle that has a made or full circle/ completed 360° is called a full or complete angle.
Aṉangu began to get jobs with the park during the 1970s.
Aṉangu people became frightened of police and many left the area for safety.
An animation showing the free/slave status of U.S. states and territories, 1789-1861 (see also: separate yearly maps below).
An anonymous function with no environment of its own is not a closure.
An anonymous South Korean official reported in October 2010 that Jong-nam had not lived in Macau for "months", and now goes between China and "another country."
An architect mounts his models on foamcore.
Anarcho-capitalists do not define hierarchy as something that exists when one person is simply seen as being more important than another person.
An arm bone which they think belongs to H. floresiensis was dated at about 74,000 years old.
An array is normally of fixed size.
An assessment of the nature and status of science and its methods.
An athlete throwing a shot put.
"A native of New York, Maskin grew up in New Jersey, in a nonreligious Jewish home in the town of Alpine."
An Ati woman, on the Philippines.
An Atlas V 501 has no strap-on boosters, but an Atlas V 421 has 2 strap-on boosters.
Anatole France start his career as a parnassianism poet.
Anatomical Institute, said that soap had been made from the bodies of dead people at Stutthof concentration camp.
Anatomical studies on the arthrodiran head.
An atonal piece is one where there is no feeling of a home key.
An attack in the Caen area followed with all three British armoured divisions, codenamed Operation Goodwood from 18 July until 21 July.
An attempt to override the veto in the Legislature failed by two votes.
An audio engineer is closer to the creative and technical aspects of audio than an acoustical engineer.
An audio signal transfers sound, for example to CD players and cassette players.
An award-winning designer, he worked for Lanvin and Balmain.
Anchiceratops lived in the Horseshoe Canyon Formation.
Ancient American bird was glider.
Ancient Buddhism in Japan: Sūtras and Ceremonies in Use in the Seventh and Eighth Centuries A.D. and their History in Later Times, p. 233.
Ancient Egyptians, Greeks, and Chinese knew about pig iron, and were producing it as early as 1100BC.
Ancient historians do say Caligula gave his horse many gifts.
Ancient mudrocks are another source, because they weather and disintegrate easily.
And after eight years he was a partner of the owner.
Andaman is seen as a destination for honeymooners, with the next image being a tropical island with a variety of water sports available here.
And Bob Wills had developed the Western Swing.
And C-3PO is the know-it-all, fussy butler of protocol, languages and odds-making.
And daughter was Saleha.
And, despite exaggerating the dangers and inflating the world's problems, it serves as a source of information in the daily life of SOS Fairy Manu.
Anders Franzén found Vasa in 1956 after he had read about the ship in sources and looked for her in the water around Stockholm.
And even for the smaller albatrosses, it can take from 140 to 170 days.
And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose.
And he always wanted to get his information exactly right."
And he believed it was a true test of a man's bravery, something that always concerned him.
And He can forgive everyone for everything, because He Himself gave His innocent blood for everyone's sins and for everyone's sake.
; and he chose to be called Gregory Gregory.
And he founded 'Gyeong Mook Dang (경묵당;耕墨堂)' in which artists and supporters gathered and communicated with each other.
And, her writing was translated into more than 40 languages.
", and hit a peak in 1967 with the release of "Sgt.
And in all those cases, the total number of positive and negative charges of the atom's protons and electrons sum to zero before and after the change.
" and industry into the art.
And I think, for us, this is the opportunity to really create change."
And it renamed its products.
!, and it sold a lot.
And just seven years later, in 1947, an independent Pakistan was finally made.
And like all the people in the Muggle world, they love and hate, they feel fear, jealousy, loneliness, prejudice and distrust.
And nobody can compare it.
" and one of Hitchcock's greatest movies.
And on this farm he had a cow, E-I-E-I-O!
Andrea Doria landed on the ocean bottom sideways, with her left side facing up, in good condition.
Andrea Gaytan is the first Women's Wakeboarding Champion in the world.
Andre Berne-Joffroy, Paul Valéry’s secretary, said that: "What begins in the work of Caravaggio is, quite simply, modern painting."
" and "record player".
André Lavrillier is the author of numerous French medals and coins.
And remember that complex numbers have two parts.
Andreotti was married to Livia Danese from 1945 until his death in 2013.
Andrew is disappointed and kisses Mia to see if there is a romantic spark between them.
Andrew Johnson (December 29, 1808 – July 31, 1875) was an American politician.
Andrew Marr's History of the World.
Andriy Bilyy is an implementer of the project Synchronous, which became a prototype of the first Ukrainian electric vehicle.
Andriy was born on the 18th of February 1968 in Kyiv.
Android 18 also appears in Dragon Ball GT and Super.
And section 2 was serialized 2014 No.46- 2018 No.31.
And she didn't move again." which many people find extremely moving.
And she makes many new single CD.
And since freedom implies voluntary restraint, members pledge themselves to oppose such evils of a free press as mendacious publication, deliberate falsehood, and distortion of facts for political and personal ends.
And so does Garland.
And sometimes their songs are collaborated with some TV commercials, games, and movies.
And the government should give it to them.
And, there is a display room.
And the sheep has no wool."
And the song is appointed anime’s ending song.
; and the women's bowling team is a member of the Southland Bowling League.
And they are divided to 20 administrative atolls.
And this prevents end users from changing the code.
And this song was written from a perspective of hope, and hope at the end of the day connects us all, no matter how different we are.
; and this was construed as a sign that the capital should be moved.
" and those born in the first few weeks of 2017 were still "
", and was one of the leading Danish artists of the second half of the 20th century.
And we ourselves are, too."
And while the jar served as a prison for the evils that escaped, it thereafter serves as a residence for Hope.
And you released date only the Platfrorms complete.
Andy takes Woody to Pizza Planet with him instead.
Andy turns this information in to Norton, but when he considers the warden obtuse and mentions about the money laundering, Norton has Andy sentenced to solitary confinement again.
An Eastern Airlines Lockheed L-188 Electra flying from Boston crashes killing 62 people after a bird strike.
A needle is a small tool used to push or pull a thread through a small hole.
A negative strip (usually not visible) of an IX240 (APS) film.
An electrical field outside the cage causes electric charges in the cage's conducting material to move around and cancel the field's effect inside the cage.
An electron can also be separate from any atom.
An endonym is a name that people of a certain place and language call themselves.
An episode of the anime called "Dennō Senshi Porygon" ("Electric Soldier Porygon" in the United States) was first shown in Japan on December 16, 1997.
An estimated 21,300 fish died after being poisoned by the crude oil.
An estimated 70,000–80,000 Romans and British were killed in the three cities by those led by Boudica.
A new car, Brabham BT50 was design for the engine.
A new category replaced the one picked in the next round.
A new club, Napoli Soccer, was born.
A new feature in this game is "
A new item is a box.
A new large-size truck has the cab in front of the engine ("forward control").
A new line to the Perth Airport via the Bayswater railway station is being constructed which is expected to be compeleted in mid-2021.
A newly-built detached house in the US.
A new paradigm is chosen because it does a better job of solving scientific problems than the old one.
A new period for the geologic time scale.
A new Presbyornithid bird (Aves, Anseriformes) from the late Cretaceous of southern Mongolia.
A new SDS group was also begun in 2006.
A new sports hall and AstroTurf football pitch have recently been constructed at Downlands Community School.
A new station was not built for another 20 years.
A new type with blue-purple leaves, known as 'Purpurea' is very popular.
An example of a directed graph would be the system of roads in a city.
An example of a substitution reaction.
An example of one is a bigger wingspan (made bigger by convert).
An example of the new machines were shooting galleries.
An example of touch illusions of shape.
An example telescope in space is NEOCAM, but nobody has started building it.
An exception to this is endpoint zero, which is used for device configuration and which is not associated with any interface.
An exhibition is an organized event in which a collection of special objects can be viewed by the public.
An exhibit which shows how tiny the front arms are compared with the skeleton as a whole.
An expansion franchise, the "reactivated" Cleveland Browns, would begin play in 1999.
An extension in the 1920s used a route originally planned by a fourth company.
An external combustion engine (EC engine) is an engine which converts heated fluid into kinetic energy.
An eyewall replacement cycle disrupted the intensification but caused the storm to nearly double in size.
Angela Nicole Walker (born January 19, 1974) is an American school bus driver and labor organizer.
Angelfood cakes are made by beating egg whites with sugar.
Angel has been married twice.
Ángel Sergio Guerrero Mier (August 18, 1935 – January 10, 2021) was a Mexican politician and lawyer.
Anger: Because many marijuana users smoke as a means of escaping from difficult emotions, they don’t know how to regulate those emotions naturally.
Anger may be passive anger or aggressive anger.
Angle retired in April 7, 2019.
Angola's roundabout, also known as a traffic circle.
Angomjambam (Angomchampam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin.
Angry at this, Piper shouts at her for being racist.
Angry mobs forced the school to close in 1834.
Angus is the most popular beef breed in the United States.
An if statement can have as many else if statements as the programmer needs.
Anil Devgan (1969 5 October 2020) was an Indian movie director and screenwriter.
Anil Kumble is a right arm leg spin bowler.
An illustrated history of the banjo featuring the world's premier collection.
An image is created of the spectrum of light with black breaks where the light has been absorbed.
An imagined bird's-eye view of Dejima's layout and structures, 1824-1825 Note the island's fan-shape.
Animal fertility is no less complex, and may display astounding mechanisms.
Animal intelligence: an experimental study of the associative processes in animals.
Animals are given antibiotics so often that the risk of bacteria becoming resistant to antibiotics is very possible in the near future.
Animals which cannot usually be contained in fields (hill sheep for example) need a man and dog to look after them, which is an expense.
Animals will often explore a new environment if they have the chance.
Animators would take the drawings done by a manga artist and the stories the manga artist wrote, and turn them into the stories and characters of a similar anime.
Anime television series debuts from January 1, 2009 through December 31, 2009.
Anime television series debuts from January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2018.
An important gathering-place for the club is Hallbystugan.
An important part of a suicide risk assessment is a clinical interview.
An index of all the articles was written to add to the 7th edition of the encyclopaedia, and they continued to make an index until 1974.
An individual bronze medal, for a combined score of 13 points out of 18, followed in 1966 at Havana.
An INFP would be a person who prefers introversion, intuition, feeling, and perceiving.
An inscription on the front of the amphora gives not only the official designation of the vase as a prize, but also the signature of the potter, Nikias, a rare occurrence on pots of this shape."
An instruction tells the process what operation to perform.
An intaglio is the opposite of cameo.
An intermission or interval is a break in a performance.
An introduction to Egyptology.
An Introduction to Old Frisian.
An Introduction to the History of Mathematics.
An IPv6 address can be long and this can lead to mistakes when typing them into the computer or writing them down.
Anita began to quickly strengthen, it had become a category 3 hurricane on September 1. By the next day, Hurricane Anita had reached its highest winds as a category 5 hurricane, while not far from the coast of Mexico.
An iteration is a step where some action is repeated.
An itinerary describes a list of destinations and attractions to visit during a specific amount of time, with recommendations of how long to stay and routes to follow.
Ankara was invaded many times.
Ankst has been the launch-pad for several popular Welsh artists, including Super Furry Animals and Gorky's Zygotic Mynci.
Annabella Lwin was the singer.
Annabeth appears in this book searching, with her dad, for cousin Magnus.
Annabeth leads the quest into the Labyrinth, fulfilling one of her ambitions.
Annabeth rescues Percy and takes Percy and Tyson to Camp Half-Blood.
Annabeth saves Percy and they manage to leave in a ship.
Anna hazare tooks upon himself the responsibility of education and took him to mumbai where he was admitted into local school.
Anna Karenina is a 1935 American romantic period drama movie.
Anne Buttimer (31 October 1938 15 July 2017) was an Irish geographer.
Anne enjoyed a close and happy family education in Denmark.
Anne is accused of treason and adultery and executed to make way for Jane to become his third wife.
Anne was crowned on 6 July 1483.
Anne won many awards for her contributions to research.
Anni Lanz studied at the Basel School of Applied Arts.
Ann Putnam threw her glove in a fit at her.
Annual Review of Anthropology 31: 21–44.
Annual Review of Astronomy and Astrophysics 26 (1): 11–49.
Annual Review of Medicine 47, p285.
An object with the twice the mass of another will also have twice the weight.
An official in charge of approving and recording coats of arms is called a herald.
A nomination is when something is picked with other people to maybe with something.
A nonbinary person is also sometimes called an enby.
An open skies agreement was concluded with the United Kingdom in October 2007 permitting unrestricted services from Singapore by UK carriers.
Anopheles gambiae is one of the best known, because it transmits the most dangerous malarial parasite species (to humans) –
An orangutan's diet consists mainly of fruit, they like ripe fruit.
A normal tennis game takes place between two of the three contestants.
An orthodontist straightens teeth using braces (metal wire attached to teeth), headgear (metal wire that may attach to teeth and the neck or head), and retainers (removable wire and plastic).
An oscillator is something that "
Anosov died in Moscow, Russia, aged 77.
A notable part of the movie is that instead of being ugly from the start, the Creature is portrayed as physically beautiful.
Another 10–12 years is required for the second harvest, and a tree can be harvested a dozen times in its lifetime.
Another 12 missiles are inside the vehicle.
Another 500,000, as estimated by the Army High Command, had either fled or been liberated.
Another Andalusian-Arabian physician, Ibn al-Khatib (1313–1374) in his treatise On the Plague stated how infectious disease can be transmitted through bodily contact and "through garments, vessels and earrings".
Another argument is that each person has a right to basic needs (such as food and shelter).
Another category that is not a part of the gender binary is called intersex.
Another chemical that may cause early puberty is Bisphenol A (BPA).
Another difference is in the skull: the upper skull of the Ornithischia is more solid, and the joint connecting the lower jaw is more flexible.
Another example is "dip" and "tip", where both words have different meanings even though only the first consonant in each word is different.
Another example is that some hotels that are near beaches will not serve customers who are dressed only in swimsuits.
Another explanation points to an infamous building at 39th as the true original.
Another family of large predators wrere the borhyaenids, which were more like wolves or dogs.
Another famous, Lai stream joins this stream near Swaan Camp.
Another famous work of his was Night on the Galactic Railroad (lang, transl).
Another feature to point out about the house itself is the way the foundation is constructed.
Another flaw in the League was that it was not representative enough: at any point there were no more than 65 members part of the league and the interests of the superior nations often exceeded those of more limited members.
Another flood happened in 1944, where the water went up to convert.
Another goal of Lojban is to be simple and easy to learn, so Lojban only has 1300 main words.
Another idea is that 'dodo' was a copy of the bird's own call, a two-note pigeon like sound, "doo-doo".
Another idea that Bramante got from Florence Cathedral was the design for the little stone tower which sits on top of the dome and is called the lantern.
Another important fact of quantum mechanics is that the electron behaves in a very weird way.
Another injured tourist was sent to the Manila Doctors Hospital.
Another inside view of St Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna.
Another interesting fact is that Air Nostrum's main base is Valencia Airport, not Madrid Airport the main base of Iberia Airlines.
Another issue is satiation.
Another judge Jaya Bacchan wanted to introduce Basu with her son Abhishek Bacchan in Akhari Mughal.
Another kind of gecko, with a different sound, is called chicak (CHEE chak).
Another male character, Takeshi, frequently cross dresses.
Another mass was called Gloria tibi trinitas.
Another means of obtaining higher power is to use superconducting magnets, these not being limited by core saturation.
Another misconception is that I am somehow upset or bitter about this.
Another most important property of the heterostyly system is physiological.
Another name for a semi-solid is a quasi-solid.
Another name for this plant order is the Haemodorales.
Another of her works, Para - Desert Gums, was chosen as a finalist for the competition in 2010.
Another of its version was prevalent in Spain, which was called 'One and Thirty'.
Another of the Howland group shot Hocking.
Another OVA anime titled nihongo was made known through the anime's official website.
Another possibility is that the foot is dirty or has fresh color on it.
Another possible cause could be an obstruction somewhere along the digestive tract (the path that food travels inside the body).
Another Rabbanic Dynasty Charlap also are reportably from the House of King David.
Another reason is the worlwide appreciation for Italian culinary and foods.
Another reason why the opera had been rejected was that composers and dramatists were not allowed to have the character of a tsar on stage.
Another said the book was a "piece of hack (messy) work."
Another scene shows the queen making offerings to the goddess Hathor and Mut.
Another sight is the Los Angeles City Zoo.
Another song "Rasave Unnai Nambi" has inspired a Ramarajan starrer of same name.
Another source offers: Runes, Dagobert D. (ed) 1942.
Another space shuttle was soon sent up to repair the space telescope.
Another specimen, IGN 100/42, is perhaps the most famous, owing to its well-preserved complete skull and large size.
Another story is about Daniel being put into a den of lions because he would not stop praying to his God, but the hungry lions did not eat him.
Another study found the localization of language in the brain.
Another theory explains that the nation was termed as such in order to emphasize the division of those who stayed in China in contrast to the people living in Vietnam.
Another type is known as nihongo or a hand roll.
Another type of difference, called 'indels' (insertions/deletions) account for another ~3% difference between the alignable sequences.
Another variation of a standard senton is where a wrestler jumps forward and performs a somersault to land back-first onto the opponent.
Another version is in the background.
Another version is seven minutes/fifty seconds long.
Another version states that this is where the railway workers would spend their lunch breaks, i.e. 'killed time'.
Another Vietcong trap was the Punji trap.
Another view is that the name was an insult.
Another way, older by many years, is to study twins.
Another way to build Native American flutes uses a spacer plate to create the flue.
Another well-known orchestral work is Three Places in New England.
Another well known translation is the 1611 King James translation (commonly known as the Authorized King James Version of the Bible).
Another word for vibration is oscillation.
An "out and back" service over a few hundred yards of track began in 2004, and with the opening of a temporary station at Killington Lane, about one mile towards Parracombe Halt, a regular "point to point" service started in 2006.
An outbreak can affect a small group or affect thousands of people across the world.
An outside partner step is a step taken with the partner beside the moving foot.
An oval or circular trench, 6–9 meters wide, 2-2.5 meters deep, and 100–150 meters in circumference, is dug.
A novel reproductive mode in frogs: a new species of fanged frog with internal fertilization and birth of tadpoles.
Answer the reasonings of such of the states as have ventured in the field of reason, & that of the Committee of Congress.
Antara, close to Mimili, is a place represented in almost all her paintings.
Anthony Mann, the film's original director, was replaced by Douglas with Kubrick after the first week of shooting.
Antibiotics usually resolve acute prostatitis infections in a very short period of time.
Anti-cancer, anti-diabetic and other pharmacologic and biological activities of penta-galloyl-glucose.
Anti-Catholic posters appear in Paris and other cities supporting Huldrych Zwingli's position on the Mass.
Antivirus medicine can reduce the seriousness and duration of shingles if started within 3 days of the rash.
Antoine's first recorded letter, written when she was 11 or 12, was to "dearest Brandeis" from "your faithful pupil (student) who loves you dearly, Antoine".
Antoku`s guardian was his grandmother,( lady Ni) When it became clear the Hekei had lost the battle, the boy emperor`s grandmother resolved not to be caught by the enemy alive.
Anton Chekhov, "The Crooked Mirror" and Other Stories, Zebra Book, 1995.
Antonio Puerta died at the beginning of the season and I know how terrible the whole experience is.
Antony, as a show of respect, ordered Brutus' body to be wrapped in his most expensive purple mantle, which was later stolen.
Ant repellent activity of eucalyptus extracts in choice tests.
Antwaan is married to Jaune.
A number and its opposite always add to zero.
A number and its opposite are always the same distance from zero.
A number of animals use these sponges for shelter and protection including shrimp.
A number of conditions caused it to weaken just before it approached Hawaii.
A number of dairy herds are kept in barns or sheds for most of their lives and are given feed that has been especially made for them.
A number of present-day roads, canals, ports or bridges sit where Spanish engineers built them centuries ago.
A number of similar works followed; in simple, emotive language they realistically described wartime and the postwar years.
A number of these may still exist but they are not political parties.
An unfathomable accomplishment for a kid who loves to code yet is generally self-trained.
"An unusual theropod from the Upper Cretaceous of Mongolia Iskopayemyye pozvonochnyye Mongolii (Fossil Vertebrates of Mongolia)."
An upgraded version was first released in 2006 and included the ability to play as Vergil and optional boss fights with the Jester.
An upper trough pulled the storm to the northeast on the 7th, and re-entered the Central Pacific on the 8th.
An upside is that to access the online mode to play and interact with other people is free unlike the Xbox in which must be paid for.
A nut and a bolt made to the same specifications by different manufacturers fit together perfectly.
Anxious and anxiety have similar beginnings).
Anyaka lost her powers during a wish she cast for Cordelia Chase.
Anybody of any age can be affected.
Any combination of eye color is fine in the breed standard, so long as the eyes are healthy.
Any country that has a shore or river, where such pieces blow or wash out to sea is a source.
Any edition of this standard text can be used.
"Any kid can tell you where Santa Claus is from—the North Pole.
Any of these problems, separately and together, can impede timely care services.
Any small crustacean which resembles a shrimp tends to be called one.
Anything can be dependent or independent.
Anything sent through the postal system is called mail or post.
Any word can be an exception to vietnamization.
Any work created in the USA after 1st.
Anzai teacher is a coach of Shohoku basketball club.
Anzorov killed Paty after a "
A octobass is a musical instrument.
AOL promised to donate $2 million to the foundation over two years.
A one time pad uses a key that is either as long or longer than the message it encrypts.
A packaged terminal air conditioner (PTAC) is a kind of self-contained heating and air conditioning system.
A page is added when the article infobox contains multiple identifiers using indexes (for example, and are used).
A panel from Dandan Oilik shows Shiva in His Trimurti form with Shakti kneeling on her right thigh.
A paper by Michael H. Hart in 1975 made scientists more curious and they began to study the question in more detail.
A paper clip can be useful when working with many things, like computers.
A parallelepiped has three sets of four parallel edges; the edges within each set are of equal length.
A parasite in wolf's clothing: hawk mimicry reduces mobbing of cuckoos by hosts.
A parliamentary messenger named Dimitri Tsafendas stabbed Verwoerd in the neck and chest four times before other Assembly members restrained him.
Apart from his popularity as a musician, he was well liked for his modesty and kind demeanor.
Apart from the actual use as football stadium of the FC Schalke 04 also different meetings, like concerts, take place in this multi-function arena.
Apart from their decorative aspect, many originally had a use which was lost later, such as hunting towers.
A particular aircraft may fly several different flights in one day, and different aircraft may be used for the same flight number on successive days.
Apartment numbers with a lot of the number 4 (such as 404) are hard to sell, and often they are not worth as much money.
Apartments overlooking the beach in Praia da Rocha, Portimão.
A part of a change in the story was that instead of the story being told by a character inside it, it was written as if many uninvolved people were writing it (this was a form of writing that Dostoevsky made up).
A password can be static.
A "password" shown on the screen is given to the celebrities/civilians and they have to give the partners one-word clues to get it correctly.
A patina layer takes many years to develop under natural weathering.
A perfect binary tree is also a full and complete binary tree.
A perhaps exaggerated story concerns how the library's collection grew so large.
A persistent calyx on the fruits is characteristic of the family.
A person can get oral cancer without having any other type of cancer.
A person has hypertension if their blood pressure is high and stays high over time.
A person is diagnosed as having AIDS when he or she gets specific types of illnesses or gets sick in certain ways due to their HIV.
A person must be healthy to purchase a life insurance policy.
A person's pupils may also be dilated if they are in a dark place, or if they have used some kinds of eyedrops.
A person's score is called his "GAF score."
A person who does that is called a philanthropist.
A person who plays the cello is called a “cellist”.
A person who speaks Lojban is sometimes called a lojbanist.
A person who studies birds is called an ornithologist.
A person who works in pediatrics is called a pediatrician.
A person with severe dehydration from cholera.
AP exams were taken by subject in 2013.
A phase is an angle of the moon to the earth so it appears differently every day.
"A photo documentation of bipedal ornithischian dinosaurs from the Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation, USA".
A photograph of a child prostitute, 1871.
A photon has a given frequency, which determines its color.
A phrase that Fozzie is known to say is "wakka wakka wakka."
Aphrodite granted Echo's wish, but she liked Echo's voice so much she kept it alive.
Aphrodite was quite often described as very beautiful, and was used as a point of comparison for female beauty-- but just as she was beautiful, she just as smart and wise.
A piece of stock footage is called a "stock shot" or a "library shot".
A pin is an object used to attach something to a surface.
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of any championship.
A pithos is a very large jar, usually made of rough-grained terra cotta, used for storage.
A place does not exist as a country until other countries in the world recognise its borders or its government, and treat it as a separate country.
A plaintiff can usually sue a defendant only if that defendant was the one who hurt the plaintiff.
A plateau is an area of raised land that is flat on top.
A player who commits a flagrant 2 foul must immediately leave the game.
A play is usually watched, rather than being read.
Apoica pallens displays active, rather than chemical defense behavior.
A point can also be gained by countout or disqualification.
A point is also used after a first or middle initial, but does not follow the last name, for example, "J.
A Poké Ball is a red-and-white sphere that is used to catch Pokémon.
Apollo 6 would test the Saturn V launch vehicle's ability to send the entire Apollo craft to the Moon.
A popular live weekday morning radio host can record parts for a Saturday show, allowing him or her to be on the air six days a week without spending more time at the station.
A porcupette has soft quills made of hardened hair.
A position is a job or role that a player has to take part in to play the game.
A positive symptom is one that is added to a person.
A positron is the common name for the antielectron.
A posthumous recipient is denoted by an asterisk after the recipient's name.
A post office called Weaver was created in 1891.
A post office in Deerhead was built in 1885.
A post office was built there the same year.
A post office was opened at Arma in 1891.
A post office was opened in Duluth in 1912, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1986.
A POST usually checks the crucial, files, folders, and components.
A power transmission system is sometimes referred to colloquially as a "grid"; however, for reasons of economy, the network is rarely a true grid.
Apple is Orange's former best friend and current rival (bully).
Apples have religious and mythological significance in many cultures.
Applicants are selected through a rigorous screening process.
Appropriate hand washing practices can reduce the risk of foodborne illness and other infections.
Approximately 600 of the over 4700 archeological sites found in Mesa Verde National Park are cliff dwellings.
A preamble is a fixed sequence that is known beforehand.
A pregnancy that ends without a child being born also may cause some problems to the woman this happens to.
A preserved Class 141 at the Colne Valley Railway.
A press is an external event that acts as a trigger for motives.
A prevention (Hebrew: shevut) is an action that does not fall into one of the 39 categories of work, but is still prohibited.
A prisoner who becomes allies with Jolyne and the gang, and is also Pucci's twin.
A private school (also known as independent school or nonstate schools Zaidi, Mosharraf.
A procession appears bearing the dead Elisabeth.
A professor who did research in the 1980s and 1990s looked at the brains of dyslexic people who had died.
A protoplanet forming between the disks (right).
A puffle that was not well cared for by its owner will leave its owner and return to the wild.
A qualification round may be held for the lowest-ranked teams before the final tournament.
A queue may also be a queue of vehicles waiting to get passed something or to go in somewhere.
A quick, bright section in D major follows this slow passage.
Arabians also are seen in movies, parades, circuses and other places where horses are used.
Arabs in Latin America are also many, but they are mostly found among the Hispanic-Caribbean regions.
Arabs moved into what is currently Afghan in 731, and they were Muslim.
Arachne then realized what she had done.
Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli go with the Rohirrim warriors, but Gandalf leaves once more without notice.
A RAID 5 with a failed disk will continue to work.
Arbuckle was one of the most popular silent stars of the 1910s.
Archaeological Research in Kakadu National Park.
Archana "Archie" Panjabi (born 31 May 1972) is an English actress.
Archbishop of Uppsala between 1837-1839. citation He also wrote many Christian songs/hymns.
Arch; both flow through the department from east to west.
Archeologists discovered that the island was inhabited by between 100 and 200 Polynesians, a few centuries earlier.
Arches can have many forms, but they can be sorted into three categories: circular, pointed and parabolic.
Ardern said she had refused, telling him to "stick it out".
A readable and accessible English translation of the Anecdota.
Are all licensing, trademark, credit issues being taken care of and acknowledged by all committers?
A receipt of payment to Sanmartino dated 16 December 1752, signed by the prince, is preserved in the historical archive of the Bank of Naples.
A recent decision in the same jurisdiction as the instant case will be given great weight.
A record among insects, the Indian stick insect Necroscia sparaxes was seen coupled for 79 days at a time.
A record three Category 5 storms formed.
A red herring is something that misleads or distracts from an issue.
A reflux still is much more complex.
A re-formed group is different from a reformed group.
A registrar would record the marriage.
A regular session can last until thirty days before the opening of its next regular session in the succeeding year.
A regular work contract will also give rights to the person being employed, and the amount of work.
A relief pitcher warming up in the bullpen.
A religious person who practices ahimsa does not take part in animal sacrifice.
Arena film "Martín Chambi and The Heirs of the Incas" is shown worldwide.
A replica of David now stands outside the Palazzo Vecchio.
A replica of the pump, with a memorial plaque and without a handle (to signify John Snow's action to halt the outbreak) was erected near the location of the original pump.
A replica of this design was built and tested.
A reporter named Richard Thornberg has broadcast that terrorists have taken over the airport.
A resident of Nashville is called a Nashvillian.
Are there ways of asking the question that could change the result in ways that were not expected?
A return type is a required part of any method, because it tells the computer what the user wants to be returned to whatever called (used) the method.
Areum did the same a year after.
A reviewer described the suite as "possibly foreshadowing the neo-classical Debussy that emerged in his last years".
A review of the palaeoenvironments and biota of the Windyfield chert.
A revolving door is a group of doors that turn in a circle as a person pushes one.
A reward of £30 was offered for their capture.
"Are you sure?"
Argentina and the UK had a short war in 1982 because Argentina claims to own the islands.
Arguments between members of one family, or between different families, are often in the storyline.
Argyll and Bute covers the second-largest administrative area of any Scottish council.
A right is something a person has which people think should not be taken away.
Ariodante has learned about Polinesso’s plot from Dalinda.
"A rising tide lifts all boats" is often used as an argument that inequality need not be reduced as long as there is growth.
Aristocracy is different from nobility, in that nobility means that one bloodline would rule, an aristocracy would mean that a few or many bloodlines would rule, or that rulers be chosen in a different manner.
Aristotle moved to Athens in 367 BC and began to study philosophy.
Aristotle's views have very strong aspects of a teleological argument, specifically that of a prime mover, who (so to speak) looks ahead in setting the cosmos into motion.
Ariyalur is administered by a municipality established in 1994.
Ariyoshi's administration was marked by fiscal conservatism as the post-statehood economic boom came to an end.
Arizona's 3rd congressional district is a district in southwestern Arizona.
Arlene Smith was the leader.
Armagh is a city in Northern Ireland.
Armed Forces, killing both pilots on board, further damaging already difficult relations between the two countries.
Armenia had yet to medal going into the 2018 Winter Games.
Armenian art presents the considerable part of the exposition.
Armenians began to arrive in the United States in high numbers in the late 19th century.
Armidale sometimes gets hailstorms.
Arminius, who had been considered a real threat to stability by Rome, was now defeated.
Armstrong, Garner Ted, They Might As Well Say: O, How Despise We Thy Law, Twentieth Century Watch Magazine, September/October 1995, p. 2-6, 24-27.
Army Air Force B-17s attacked Japanese ships.
Army between August 12, 1942 and February 12, 1943.
Army Groups North and South had also not had a hard time over the winter.
Arnold himself said it would have been better had it been in the chest instead of the leg.
Arnold was hardworking and successful, and his business begame larger.
Arnulf was the nephew of the King's bitter rival, Charles of Lorraine and considered Arnulf a turncoat.
A roads are more important than B roads.
A road sign stating the direction towards Ommen is less than fifty metres away from this kilometre marker.
A rock containing enough metal to be profitable is called ore.
A rocket engine with a higher specific impulse doesn't mean it's 'more powerful'.
A ROM is an example of a star topology.
Around 100 years after his death Imhotep was deified (made into a god).
Around 1810 the earliest known metallic garrotte appeared in Spain, and on 28 April 1828, the garrotte was declared the sole method of executing civilians in that country.
Around 1901–02, his condition became worse.
Around 1960, he adopted his so-called "essay approach".
Around 2030 the gate bell rang, and the Military Police officer on guard opened the gate a little for a civilian who said he had a parcel to deliver to the officer-in-charge.
Around 300 were built in the first five years of being built.
Around 500 BC, they stopped being used to decorate monumental buildings, but were still shown on parts of the roof tiles (antefix) of smaller buildings throughout the next century.
Around 8pm a 16-year-old girl was beaten by police with a baton.
Around 90 people who came directly in contact with him, along with his 59-year-old partner, driver, and guide were quarantined.
Around 91,000 tired, ill, wounded, and starving prisoners were taken, including 3,000 Romanians (the survivors of the 20th Infantry Division, 1st Cavalry Division and "Col.
Around age 12-15, a boy's penis skin gets slightly darker.
Around that time, there was a conference of Indian leaders with the government of Great Britain.
Around the 1960s some composers thought that a lot of music was getting too complicated.
Around the age of 14, when ships were wood and men were iron, young Popeye became a member of the Sea Dog Club for sailors, where he would meet his good friend Bill Barnacle.
Around the background is a yellow border, and to its left are two vertical stripes of equal size in saffron and green, with the saffron stripe closest to the lion.
Around the city were little villages where the fishermen of Cardo lived.
Around the house, the monkeys help out by doing tasks including microwaving food, washing the quadriplegic's face, and opening drink bottles.
Arriva Kent Thameside operate in parts of Kent.
Arrogance may be associated with insecurity.
Arrows have a sharp point at one end and usually a flight at the other end.
Arsenal, The English Premier League (Barclay's Premier League) is sponsored by the Airline.
Arsenal won 6–2 on aggregate.
Arteriosclerosis can be prevented by reducing risks.
Artest was taken from NBA basketball playing for the rest of the 2004–05 season.
Arthur also went to North Carolina as a tropical storm.
Arthur Peter Mutharika (main; born 18 July 1939) citation citation citation is a Malawian politician, educator and lawyer.
Arthur tells his parents it is not fair.
Article 4 of the Declaration says that indenture, or servitude, is illegal.
Article 6 p92 et seq Electronic clocks can be set to various programs, and they can count moves made.
Articles and events specifically related to the year 526.
Articles can be read online for free, but only the first few sentences can be seen.
Articles in this category need the information in them to be updated, do what you can!
Articles mostly consist of: destinations, itineraries, phrasebooks, and travel topics.
Artists from other parts of Italy visited Venice and soon the new method of painting spread.
Artists may feel a certain emotion and wish to express it by creating something that means something to them.
Artists who were labeled as degenerate were punished by the laws.
Art that gives humans animal traits tells people what to expect from those characters.
Aruba left the Antilles in 1986, and Curaçao and Sint Maarten did the same in 2010.
A rubber band is a stretchable band.
A Russian Grand Duke or Grand Duchess was an Imperial Highness.
Arvin Harold Reingold (July 22, 1930 October 18, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer.
As a child, he witnessed the Palestinian Revolution against the British occupation and Jewish emigration.
As a child his family relocated to nearby Asheville, where he grew up.
As a child, Knight was taught how to play piano.
As a consequence, they typically also need more time for responding.
As a convenience, the rooms have numbers, the first room has the number 1, the second has number 2, and so on.
A safety curtain is there in case there is a fire on stage.
As a general rule, the heavier the bullet, the higher the twist rate.
As a girl, she had a remarkably strong character.
As a journalist, she worked for Tygodnik Powszechny.
As a junior, Murray won the US Open and reached the semifinals of the French Open. citation citation Murray turned professional in 2005.
Asakawa lived most of his life in the United States.
Asakawa was an instructor at Yale from 1907 through 1910 when became an assistant professor.
As a member of Bon Jovi, Sambora collected more than seventy gold and platinum CDs.
As a member of Democratic Opposition of Serbia, he was speaker of the Parliament of Serbia and Montenegro between 2000 and 2004.
Asaminew remained at large for 36 hours after the attempt.
As a minister she spoke frequently with Palestinian politicians to achieve this goal.
As a monk, his name was Vincent Maria.
As an actor he also plays in American movies and series of commemoration Love, Glory and Beauty.
As an adult, Ivers moved to Leadville, Colorado where she met her husband Frank Duffield.
As an astronomer he contributed to a calendar reform when Sultan Malik-Shah decided that the calendar needed some adjusting.
As an engineer he became responsible for buildings thousands of miles of railroad tracks.
As an example, the India name 'Dev' would not have its first consonant pronounced as in the American name 'Dave'.
As an infant, Popeye already had his signature pipe, presumably given to him by his father before leaving, and would only take it out of his mouth for his morning bottles of malted hardtack.
As Annatar he told the elves how to make magical rings which give power to their wearers.
As an opponent against Polish assimilation of the Jews he established for the 1873 elections of the Reichsrat a Jewish-ruthenian electoral alliance.
As another example of the application of Lenz's law, consider a coil of wire to which a battery is suddenly connected.
A Santiago newspaper printed the names of over 2,000 known victims, and the same paper also printed a list of the objects saved by the priests and their value, which led to public outcry against the priests who had saved valuable objects but not people.
As a philosopher, if I were speaking to a purely philosophic audience I should say that I ought to describe myself as an Agnostic, because I do not think that there is a conclusive argument by which one can prove that there is not a God.
As a politician, one of his successes was in the passing of the Importation of Plumage Prohibition Act 1908.
As a "poor little rich boy" he has rebelled against his parents, who do not understand him.
As a rapper, he has released thirteen studio albums.
As a result, a second round was held on 2 April.
As a result, Bart is forced to train "Santa's Little Helper" at an obedience school so that the family will not give him away.
As a result, both good guys and bad guys are constantly looking for them.
As a result, for a long period from 1840 to 1980, virtually all geologists were uniformitarians, believing 'the present is the key to the past'.
As a result, heavier materials can be used in the deck, and so this type of bridge is especially suited for heavy railroad use.
As a result he chose to abdicate in December of that year and married Wallis later in 1937.
As a result, Hesiod tells us, "the earth and sea are full of evils" (101).
As a result of genetic research, the other species were put in three new genera.
As a result of its resistance to drug treatment, some estimates state the disease is killing tens of thousands of U.S. hospital patients each year and specialists say they could emerge as a bigger threat.
As a result, on 8/19/2005, Alan Kuo’s first album came out with 12 songs that rocked the listeners, the music that shows you the 6 years of hard work and effort he gave on his music, Alan Kuo.
As a result, the country is among the poorest, and least developed countries in the world.
As a result, the JTWC ceased advisories on the storm, as it became fully extratropical.
As a result, the Kyiv-Bratsk Collegium was established.
As a result, the mRNA cannot be translated into protein.
As a result, the rock becomes more compact and harder.
As a result the two worlds collide and it seems they are doomed by circumstance.
As a rich teenager, though, she had various problems.
As a rookie (beginner) in 2006, he earned $1,019,264 and led the PGA Tour in driving distance at convert.
As a rule, a whole publication would be italicised, whereas the titles of minor works (such as poems or short stories inside the collection) would be written with quotation marks.
As a solid, it is blue-gray.
As a syndicated columnist, his articles appear in numerous U.S. newspapers and web sites, including his own blog, Kudlow's Money Politic$.
As a warrior, Bluefur meets a RiverClan warrior named Oakheart; although they do not like each other at first, they eventually fall in love.
As a young man, Fischer joined the Radio Church of God.
As Barbirolli gradually became ill she spent nearly all her time with him instead of playing the oboe.
Asbury Park became a city as of March 25, 1897.
As cadets acquire skills and knowledge, they pass it along to younger cadets.
As Celtic manager between 1978 and 1983, he won three league titles, a Scottish Cup and a Scottish League Cup.
Aschenbach does not like him.
A scold's bridle was another punishment device.
As compensation, he was given the honorary post of colonel-general of hussars.
A sculptor, Domingo Talarn, secured him a pension of to allow him to attend the Academy of Barcelona.
As dawn approaches, Faust sees a vision of Marguerite and calls for her.
As dehydration gets worse, the symptoms get more dangerous.
As Deianeira is crowned Queen of Troy we see Hercules thrown down from out of the sky.
As Denas continued to approach Luzon, the Philippine Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration issued a second storm signal to the northern part of Cagayan Province at 5 pm on the 16th.
As each Slayer is killed, the demon moves to the next slayer.
A second-class lever is where the resistance is between the effort and the fulcrum.
A second edition of the book, with only minor alterations, was published in 1890.
A second explosive device was found and defused on a train at another metro station.
A second moon followed within the first month of observation.
A second season, titled Zombie Land Saga Revenge, was announced on July 27, 2019.
A second year student at Fukuroudani Academy.
A seminary was started in Quebec City in 1663.
A senate can be called a House of Senators.
As English changed, the semantics altered to give us the separate words 'skirt' and 'shirt' we know today.
A sentence, quotation, or poem that is put at the beginning of a written work.
A separate building to the west of the arrival plaza and stairs holds a cafeteria and restaurant.
A sequel, Crysis 2, was released in March 2011.
A serf had to pay a fine if his children went to the city instead of staying and being a serf.
A series of other dams are also planned upstream, on the Yangtze and Jinsha rivers.
A servant might take care of all the bonsai and would learn a lot about how to grow bonsai.
A service pack, formally designated Windows Server 2012 R2 Update, was released in April 2014.
A serving usually consists of 5-10 pieces, served with white bread, minced red pepper, salt and onions.
A set of impeachment hearings before the Judiciary Committee began on December 4, 2019.
A settlement called Millersville was established on the west coast of the island because of it was the highest elevation.
As Europe industrialised, North Africa was increasingly prized for its potential for colonisation.
A seven-day state funeral for Reagan was held shortly after his death.
A seventh-century work, the Sandong Zhunang ("Pearly Bag of the Three Caverns"), said Laozi pretended to be a farmer when reaching the western gate, but was recognized by Yinxi, who asked to be taught by the great master.
As executive director of the SCLC from 1960 to 1964.
As food reserves dwindled, these restaurants, including Voisin, improvised.
As for minerals, although Valle del Cauca is not a metal region, in the city of Cali there are several coal mines in formations called Guachinte and Ferreira, in the south and north of the urban area.
As for the conflict between Prussia and Austria, it is called the Third Silesian War.
Aşgabat has a population of 695,300 (2001) and is between the Kara Kum desert and the Kopet Dag mountain range.
As Goku dodges the attacks, Frieza ironically becomes distracted long enough to be vivisected by his own attack.
As governor he faced severe short-term budget shortfalls and a long-term state debt, all in the context of the worst national economic slump since the Great Depression of the 1930s.
A sharp bite is ideal but teeth that may be worn or broken is okay.
Ashby said that the show has a "comical spin" on common family issues like sibling rivalry.
As he got older he became obsessed with death.
A Sheik Jarra neighborhood entrance notice.
As he prepared lessons, he began to realise that ideas about Indonesian language and literature had been distorted by the Dutch colonial authorities.
As her albums progressed, writers felt that Aaliyah acted more older, calling her progress a "declaration of strength and independence".
As Hercules lays dying in the circle, Zeus begs Hera not to harm Hercules or he will haunt her for eternity.
As Hercules reverts to infant form we are shown flashbacks to Hercules's youth and times when he has been told by people how to behave toward women.
As her guardian, he allowed to get married.
Ashigaru are noted for using surprise attacks and group tactics.
Ashin also designs Mayday's concert shirts.
Ashland Theater where movies used to be played.
Ashley Mattingly (September 10, 1986 – April 15, 2020) citation was an American model.
Ashley Wilkes returns, recognized from far away by Melanie, who runs to greet her husband.
A shock wave is affected by the materials it travels through, and different materials have different effects.
A shooting star is also broken pieces of meteors that have become broken off in space.
A "short circuit" also happens when there is a bypass of electrical current.
A shorter alphabet works by using two or three letters for a single sound, or one letter for several sounds.
A short while after the famous opening theme comes a second theme which is more graceful and in D major, the dominant key of G major.
As host Austria was qualified for the UEFA Euro 2008 and played versus Poland, Croatia and Germany.
A shot is how the ball is hit.
A show for all the couch.
Asian Shooting Championships began in 1967.
Asian Shooting Championships began in 1967. citation These championships, including almost all ISSF shooting events, are held every four years.
Aside from covering a large number of treatments, the papyrus also has information on a broad range of ailments from intestinal complaints and eye problems to depression or other mental disorders.
A similar game, “The Game” (pronounced “‘thee’ game” not “‘tha’ game”) is played by thinking about said game, then you win.
A similar landform is the tepui, which has a rather different origin.
A similar word is syllabus, which means a summary of topics which will be covered during an academic course, or book or lecture.
ASIMO stands for "Advanced Step in Innovative MObility".
A simple example is a single loop of wire with electric current flowing through it.
A simple tone, or pure tone, has a steady noise.
A simple way of combining the parts to make black powder rocket propellant is: 75% potassium nitrate, 10% sulphur, and 15% charcoal.
A Sim's aspiration is their biggest goal.
A sing-along is an event where people sing songs together.
A single large monolith, convert high, stood in the centre along with an alignment of smaller stones.
A single tree has many roots.
As is common in organic chemistry, the carbon atoms in the diagram above have been left unlabeled.
As it approached, it sucked the water out of the bay, causing the Manatee River to be so low you could walk a horse across it.
As it became popular, parts of its fantasy world moved into how people see the fantasy genre.
As it does so, it cools, condenses and rain falls before it crosses the top.
As it rises, it can expand and it begins to cool. citation citation Because of this, high altitude air is cold.
As it stays motionless, it's prey usually donesn't notice it, giving the Nurse shark a chance to ambush it's prey.
As "James", Morris married and had children, but felt female and eventually became Jan Morris.
Ask was: "Do you support the restoration of the independence of Georgia in accordance with the Act of Declaration of Independence of Georgia of May 26, 1918?"
As late as 1800, the word "democrat" still had a very bad meaning to most Americans.
A sled party was organized, which brought back the crew.
Asma Jahangir only barely managed to rescue her daughters and their friends and called the police for assistance.
A small amount of oxycodone is released, non-stop, into the body for up to 12 hours.
A smaller amount could make someone very sick.
A smaller, more common class of airliners is the "narrow-body aircraft" or single aisle aircraft.
A small part of the Hypostyle Hall.
As manager he won the World Cup 1990 and was runner up in 1986.
As many as 12,000 animals were killed in the Berlin Zoological Garden during the bombings of World War II.
As many as four animals could pull a wagon at one time.
As MediaWiki is a complex software, there would always be bugs in the software, especially for new extensions.
As Mining fazed out, the tourism industry grew. five million tourists vist Cornwall every year, most of which are from within the United Kingdom.
As most German-speakers in Czechoslovakia were in the Sudetenland, Hitler set his sights there first.
As Mrs C.J. Walker she changed her business name to Madam C.J. Walker.
As Nagapattinam is nearby the sea, the main occupation of the people here is Fishing.
As nearly all social democrats Fiedler became sidelined in following years.
Asner was married to Nancy Sykes from 1959 to 1988; they have four children.
As nightfall ended aircraft flights for the day, Fletcher ordered TF 17 to head west.
As no exact count was ascertained, the report includes a wording of "hundreds of victims," referring to the territory relevant for Italo-Slovenian relations, and thus excluding the Croatian territories.
As normally showed, a family tree "grows" down from the top, from the oldest generations at the top to the newer generations at the bottom.
As noted above, a number of 'Statutory Boards' and 'Commercial Boards' were created at various times.
As noted by her brother, she has a very punkish attitude and is also recognized as a tomboy, to which she shows a strong contrast to the rest of her race, acting more akin to the Universe 7 Saiyans.
As noted earlier, Symantec funded the testing and provided some of the scripts used.
A social network is a set of people who interact.
As of 14 May 2020, there have been 5,639 positive cases, with 691 recoveries and 136 deaths across all 34 provinces in the country.
As of 14 May, the total number of cases registered in the sultanate is 4,3341, of which 1,303 cases have recovered and 17 have died.
As of 1808, when the protections on the other two clauses expired, this is the only limit that the Constitution puts on suggested amendments.
As of 2004, 9,080 people lived there.
As of 2005, 1,326 people lived there.
As of 2005, 94% of the people in Friesland understand West Frisian, 74% can speak it, 75% can read it and 27% can write it.
As of 2005, convert citation or 41 percent of the land within, is owned by the state as part of the Forest Preserve.
As of 2005, the most common groups in Tokyo are Chinese (123,661), Koreans (106,697), and Filipinos (31,077).
As of 2005, the regular population in those three areas was only 326,000 at night, but there are 2.4 million in those areas during the day.
As of 2006, the situation is more or less under control.
As of 2009, it is unclear how many of these descriptions are valid species.
As of 2009, worldwide membership was about 12 million.
As of 2010, 1,623 people lived there.
As of 2010, 5,896 people lived there.
As of 2010, 7,469 people lived there.
As of 2010, Carroll County had a population of 110,000 people.
As of 2010, the city of Fort Lauderdale had a population of 165,521.
As of 2010, the Tea Party movement is not a national political party, but has endorsed Republican candidates.
As of 2010, the urban population is about 548,404.
As of 2011, Namakkal district had a population of 1,726,601 with a sex-ratio of 986 females for every 1,000 males.
As of 2011, no athlete from Equatorial Guinea has ever won an Olympic medal.
As of 2016, 1,270 people lived there.
As of 2016, 145 people lived there.
As of 2016, 157 people lived there.
As of 2016, 1,597 people lived there.
As of 2016, 1,629 people lived there.
As of 2016, 1,937 people lived there.
As of 2016, 2,369 people lived there.
As of 2016, 2,420 people lived there.
As of 2016, 2,556 people lived there.
As of 2016, 3,624 people lived there.
As of 2016, 396 people lived there.
As of 2016, 4,161 people lived there.
As of 2016, 654 people lived there.
As of 2016, 6,611 people lived there.
As of 2016, 729 people lived there.
As of 2016, 7,360 people lived there.
As of 2016, 829 people lived there.
As of 2016, 8,312 people lived there.
As of 2016, 902 people lived there.
As of 2019, Hartford has a USL team.
As of 2020, there were six main lines on the system, two of which only run during weekdays.
As of 2021, Andromeda is one of two TV series (the other is Earth: Final Conflict) based on ideas Roddenberry had as early as the 1960s and 1970s.
As of 2021, there are no cars in production that have Wankel engines.
As of 31 December 2016, 34,983 people lived there.
As of 31 December 2018, 11,069 people lived there.
As of 31 December 2018, 253 people lived there.
As of 31 December 2018, 2,857 people lived there.
As of 31 December 2018, 956 people lived there.
As of 31 October 2013, 9,704 people lived there.
As of 3 April 2011, 1,000 people from the town were confirmed dead with 1,300 still missing.
As of 7:00 a.m. local time, the fire was 10% under control.
As of April 2012, Bangladesh has played 73 Tests, winning only 3. Its first victory was against Zimbabwe.
As of April 2019, 88 countries agreed to follow the rules of the Convention, and 190 countries agree in principle.
As of August 2008, both Visual Studio 6.0 and the MSDN documentation are available for download by MSDN subscribers.
As of August 2013 Baidu Baike has about five million articles.
As of August 2017, wikiHow contains more than 190,000 free how-to articles and over 1.6 million registered users.
As of December 2016, Dylan had recorded 35 studio albums.
As of February 19, 2021, more than 110 million cases of COVID-19 have been reported in more than 188 countries and territories.
As of February 2021, no attempt has ever been made to make element 123.
As of January 2014 almost 1,850 people lived there.
As of January 2017, the game has had 25 million players since 2015.
As of July 2011, 16 months after the iPad launched, there were over 100,000 apps available at the App Store made for the device.
As of July 2015, it had more than 3,000 articles.
As of July 2017, exceptions can be found in Lower Saxony and Thuringia.
As of July 2020, he has never apologized for the newspaper ads.
As of July 2020, Steven Anderson has 11 kids.
As of late July 2015, Pataki has been polling at less than 1 % of the Republican primary voters.
As of March 2020, the show is on its tenth season, renewed for an eleventh.
As of March 2021, 0.7% of Windows PCs run Windows XP.
As of match played 24 October 2020.
As of October 2013, it has over 10,000 articles.
As of September 12, 2019, the station's analog signal is permanently off the air.
As of the 2000 census, the city population was 6,702, which rose to 7,121 in 2010.
As of the 2010 Census, Millbrook's population was 1,452.
As of the 2010 census, the CDP had a total population of 21,685.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 75,390.
As of the 2010 census, the town population was 226,322.
As of the 2012 census, 3,391 people lived there.
As of the 2014 census, 1,083,147 people lived there.
As of the 2017 Census estimate, the county's population was 292,206.
As of the upcoming 2020–21 school year, LIU will sponsor 31 NCAA teams, 12 for men and 19 for women, plus a varsity esports team outside of NCAA control.
As of the year 2000, 14,900 people live in the city.
As of Windows Phone 7.5, contacts can also be sorted into "Groups".
A sole kick is a move where a wrestler turns their torso away from their opponent while lifting their leg horizontally and extending it forward at the same time.
A solvent is the bigger part of a solution and is the substance that the solute dissolves in.
A somewhat greedy and very hungry bear.
As our knowledge of space has grown, the models have been changed to account for the new observations.
A Spanish priest garroted by Napoleon's forces for carrying a pocket knife.
As part of Parc Jean-Drapeau, the Circuit is open to visitors, between races, for walking, running, biking, in-line skating, etc. During the few days of the Grand Prix, Île Notre-Dame is one of the noisiest places in Montreal.
As part of the BBC's discussions with the government in whether the channel could launch originally, a longer news programme had been promised to provide a daily section of news and current affairs.
A spatula, also called a turner, or a fish slice, is a kitchen tool with a long handle and a flat top, used for lifting food.
A special edition R-rated version was released later.
A special method of capturing, only available to a pawn on its fifth rank.
A specimen found in Germany in 1895 measures convert in diameter.
A Specimen of the Botany of New Holland was written by James Edward Smith and illustrated by James Sowerby.
Aspegren was not an actor.
As per Census 2011 out of total population, 25.8% live in urban areas while 74.2% live in rural areas.
As per the 1779 AD letter of council of Pandits of Benaras to the Brahmin Peshwa Darbar regarding varna status of various Kayastha subgroups, the Chitraguptavanshi Kayastha are Brahmins (Kayastha Brahmin/ Brahma Kayastha) while the CKP are Kshatriya.
As per Wikipedia logs, he has made over 47,000 edits to the English Wikipedia.
A spin reversal itself can influence the spin of the electrons in neighbouring atoms.
As pointed out above, there are only incomplete sources for the rules.
As pollution grows, ways to combat it have grown.
As previously mentioned, it's effective because patients participate in improving their mental health.
A springboard clothesline is a type of clothesline where a wrestler jumps onto a rope, springboards off of it and clotheslines their opponent.
Asrar-i-Khudi was the first philosophical poetry book of Allama Iqbal, the great poet-philosopher of British India.
Assassin Giovanni Brusca estimated he murdered 100-200 people on behalf of Riina.
As scientists researched particles, they discovered what classical mechanics could not explain.
Assembly language is easier for a human to read and can be written faster, but it is still much harder for a human to use than a high-level programming language which tries to mimic human language.
As Senator, he came up with the idea of "Share Our Wealth" clubs, which promoted wealth redistribution.
As she is leaving the room, Bartolo and Basilio enter.
As she is suspected of involvement in the incident, Lillith undergoes a psychiatric evaluation by Emily's best friend, Douglas J. Ames (Bradley Cooper).
As she travels with Xena, she records their adventures on a series of scrolls, with an eye for flair and drama.
As shown in the diagram, the place where the boundary occurs is called a rift.
Assigning genres is not simple.
Association football is the most popular sport in the world.
As soon as she lifted that boy, her life changed and became filled with immense good fortune and blessings.
As "Stadium Australia", the name was sometimes confused with the Sydney Football Stadium, which was formerly known as Aussie Stadium.
As such, it is considered one of the first examples of a hidden track in rock music.
As such, the film became popular in Israel.
Assume that the interior angles of a -sided polygon is degrees.
Assumption College is the one of most famous schools in Thailand.
A stack is a basic data structure that can be logically thought as linear structure represented by a real physical stack or pile, a structure where insertion and deletion of items takes place at one end called top of the stack.
A stage hand was brought in to test the swoops.
A stained histologic specimen, sandwiched between a glass microscope slide and coverslip, mounted on the stage of a light microscope.
A stain is a spot that has another color than the material on which it is found.
Astaire, the man, the dancer.
A startup company (startup or start-up) is a new and fast-growing company.
A statue of Courbet was erected in the middle of the square at the end of the nineteenth century.
As technology improved and demand for the seemingly vast resources remained high, far more whales were killed than were born.
As teens, many engage in revenge fantasies.
Asterion did not have any children, so he adopted her sons.
As the beach became more popular, O'Brien wanted to stop public access.
As the capital of the Timurid empire, it boasted many fine religious buildings and was famous for its sumptuous court life and musical performance and its tradition of miniature paintings.
As the century went on, ketchup became more popular in the United States.
As the chance for a seed to meet a fitting fungus is very small, only a minute fraction of all the seeds released grow into adult plants.
As the City's 30th mayor, he was the first mayor actually born in Chicago.
As the closest and most developed beach town from Costa Rica's Juan Santa Maria International Airport in San Jose, Jaco is only a 1 hour and 10 minute ride from the airport.
As the controversy has grown, some or all of the cartoons have been reprinted in newspapers in more than fifty other countries.
As the cylinder turns, the needle draws the motion of the sound waves in the soft coating.
As the DC motor starts to turn, the magnetic fields inside start to join together.
As the illustration shows, there were flourishes copied from calligraphy.
As their boats were leaving the Jamestown area, they met a ship carrying the new governor, Lord De la Warr, who ordered them back to Jamestown.
As the largest city within the Parkland, Dauphin has a trading area of over 50,000 people.
As the levels go up, the tetrominoes fall faster.
As the name suggest, rigor mortis is the process in which a body stiffens after death.
As the Nazis took over more and more countries, they created more Einsatzgruppen.
As the nymph grows, it does not change the way it looks, but only how big it is.
As the online classified advertising sector develops, there is an increasing emphasis toward specialization.
As the particles emerge from more fundamental structures they are called quasi-particles or quasiparticles.
As the population was growing it became increasingly difficult to hold meetings as an open vestry.
As the result of being a nun, Marie Gabrielle Éléonore never married and had no children as a result.
As the result, the city has the highest income level.
As the rocket returns to the ship, WALL-E notices that all humans had gained weight and lost some bones, while sitting on each chairs, and every robots serve them.
As the second of three children, with an older sister and a younger brother.
As the song went on, the band slowly sped up, yet later, between the second verse and the saxophone solo, Parsons briefly raised up the volume of the effects loop, and just by coincidence, it turned out to fit the beat.
As the sun rises and police arrive, a badly injured Dewey is taken away by ambulance and Gale makes an impromptu news report about the night's events.
As the towns and farms spread across Australia, the Aboriginal people were pushed off their land.
As the video enters its in the rain room.
As the Viking control of the west coast of Scotland advanced, Iona became part of the Kingdom of the Isles.
As the Whig Party collapsed, the Republicans became one of two major political parties in the United States (the Democratic Party was the other major political party).
As the Yankees Shortstop, he is currently the longest-serving position player on the team.
As they are establishing roles for all of the animal citizens within their new city, Celeste reveals to Babar that she is pregnant; she later gives birth to triplets Flora, Pom, and Alexander.
As they entered the forest they found the track narrow and muddy; according to Dio Cassius a violent storm had also arisen.
As they grew up, José and David attended college for some time before deciding that it was not right for them.
As they head to the legendary city of gold, they are mistaken for gods by the people.
As they move forward, GLaDOS begins to repeat things that Caroline says and becomes confused.
As they neared the Earth's surface, Kerberos tossed his three heads because he hated the sunlight.
As they played more, they began to give regular concerts, and to go on tours.
As they sang several songs on the live stages including "Tokyo girl", "People in Seoul" and "Makgerlina", they got extremely popular and most of their songs were ranked highest in music charts.
As they were the first to study radioactivity, they did not know how dangerous it was.
As time passed, Edward II showed Gaveston more and more favour.
Astin lives in Baltimore, Maryland.
A stipulation was added by Punk that if Mysterio lost, he would have to join the Society.
Astola is Pakistan's largest offshore island and the only major island in the northern Arabian Sea.
As Tomislav could not find an experienced confessor able to provide him spiritual guidance, he chose self-study by reading various works on theology and teachings of the early Church Fathers.
A stone pine, the type of tree used by Pliny to describe the eruption.
Aston Martin Lagonda Limited is a luxury car company that was started in 1913 by Lionel Martin and Robert Bamford.
Aston Students' Union (SU) used to be called Aston Guild of Students.
A storm drain, storm sewer (
As total 6 Players in Bangladesh National Cricket Team got 5 wickets 1 time so in this list those are not counted.
A stranger offers to drop her, but is drunk and starts misbehaving with her after she gets in the car.
A stream flows along the village which originiates from Himalayas.
A street was named for her.
A stroke is the rapid loss of brain function(s) due to disturbance in the blood supply to the brain.
Astronaut must use ten times as much force to accelerate a ten-kilogram object at the same rate as a one-kilogram object.
A strongpoint is a key point in a defensive fighting position which the rest of the positions rely on.
A studio near the station was used for crowded mess scenes.
A study by Russian researcher Nikolay Zak has disputed Jeanne Calment's claimed age with a hypothesis that Jeanne's daughter Yvonne, born 1898 and claimed to have died of pneumonia in 1934, usurped Jeanne's identity upon Jeanne's death in 1934.
A study found that transgender women are 49 times more likely to have HIV compared with adults in general.
A study that could lead to the imposition of tolls on I-95 in North Carolina is under way as of March 2010.
A subject can be better understood by asking the correct questions.
Asuka has yet to receive her own show that was created by an American animation studio.
A sundown town is a town that is or was purposely all-
"A Survey of Mission Opportunities to Trans-Neptunian Objects".
As was customary, it kept its name.
As well as being able to access memory for storage, most processors have a few small, fast, fixed-size spaces for holding objects that are currently being worked with.
As well as making travel easy between valleys, passes also provide a route between two mountain tops so it is common for tracks to meet at a pass; this often makes them good routes even when travelling between a summit and the valley floor.
As well as their chief conductor, the orchestra had assistant conductor positions called “first conductor” and “second conductor”.
As well as “We can’t understand Russia by the reason” and “We are not know, what will be the respond for our word”.
As well, other Asian and Middle Eastern rulers were also appointed.
As with all other national museums and art galleries in Britain, the Museum charges no admission fee.
As with Homer, there are numerous legends, none of which are supported by hard evidence.
As with organ transplants, tests are done to find a donor who is "compatible" with the host.
As with other disputed territories, each government issues maps depicting their claims in Kashmir as part of their territory, regardless of actual control.
As with other types of aphasia, the symptoms that accompany PPA depend on what parts of the left hemisphere are significantly damaged.
A syllable means one vowel and a few consonants, like "han" and "geul".
As you earn more coins, you can buy production buildings to create even more products.
As You Like It tells the story of a young woman named Rosalind.
A system of local government councils was established, with the first elections being held in 2001.
At 08:15, a Yorktown plane saw Gotō's force.
At 10:15 pm, following a line in the play he knew would get a laugh, Booth fired a pistol at point-blank range into the back of Lincoln's head.
At 10:15, the Light Division was told to join the Dutch troops on the Island of Dordrecht.
At 1:18, it is one of the Beatles' shorter songs (the shortest is "
At 12:30 a.m., the first tornado touched down in Lafayette County.
At 19 he become a full time singer.
At 2012 Summer Olympics, he led Japan to the 4th place.
At 2016 Summer Olympics, he played 2 matches and scored 1 goal.
At 4:25 p.m., the rotation picked up again.
At 6.28pm, the Tokyo Air Traffic Controller asked the pilots to turn left, but received the message from the pilots, "now uncontrollable."
At 6 years old, she was riding the vicar's pony.
At 7:30 am on 1 July the British generals ordered the British soldiers out of their trenches and to advance towards the German trenches.
At 9:13:28 Flight 587 was cleared for takeoff from Runway 31L.
At 94, he is the oldest living Prime Minister of Malaysia and was the world's oldest head of state or government still in office until he resigned in February 2020.
At about 11:31 AM MST, the track of both airplanes intersected over the canyon, and they hit each other.
At about the same time, the depression turned towards the northeast and gained strength.
At about this time, in 1808, the French Academy of Sciences announced a contest to explain the "underlying mathematical law" of a German physicist's study on the vibration of elastic surfaces.
At about this time, Winslow was demoralized by the death of his 17-year-old daughter in a 1946 car accident, and was then diagnosed with cancer.
At age 17, she began working as a model before getting into acting.
At age 21, he joined Backstreet Boys and convinced his cousin, Brian Littrell to also join the group.
At age 32, he was the second youngest Premier of New Brunswick to assume office.
At age Seventeen, he started scripting one act plays for the inter village one act play competition.
At a glance a zero might look like a six.
At a later date, maybe as early as the 13th century, there was a floor supported by a ribbed quadripartite vault inserted into the structure.
At all times she only confessed to God.
At an angle they keep the edge facing the oncoming currents, presumably to catch food.
At an Olympic running race, as the person runs, their distance from the starting line goes up.
At any rate this applies to countries which are highly mechanized.
At any time, one of the people can end the chat by pressing F9 on their keyboard.
At a party, he learns that Obadiah Stane (Bridges), who is second-in-command at Stark Industries, and others are secretly selling weapons to Raza and his men.
At aphelion Hygiea reaches out to the extreme edge of the asteroid belt at the perihelia of the Hilda family which is in 3:2 resonance with Jupiter.
AtariAge also features a searchable database of many things related to Atari video games, including manuals, packaging art, estimated rarity, screenshots, reviews and more, and also an Atari Age magazine archive.
Atauro and Metinaro have less people living there.
At best, it is hilarious."
At Bronze and Silver level, participants must do four sections: Volunteering, Physical, Skills and Expedition.
At certain rotation angles, the reflected light will be reduced or eliminated.
At convert, he was one of the tallest players in the history of professional baseball.
At convert, it is the smallest UK Parliamentary constituency.
At convert long, U.S. Geological Survey.
At Crestline, it follows US-69A south to Riverton.
At different times the Division included various army units.
At dusk they become active, gliding from trunk to trunk like sheets of paper blown on the wind.
At each end of the field are 4 poles.
At each round, the round key (obtained from the key with some simple operations, for instance, using S-boxes and P-boxes) is combined using some group operation, typically XOR.
At Eaglehawk Neck the rocks have made many strange shapes and patterns.
At early 1990s, they began to translate Urusei Yatsura the anime.
At Ease: Stories I Tell to Friends, Garden City, New York, Doubleday & Company, Inc. citation so he turned to fencing and gymnastics.
A teetotaler, Bishop works in a pink-and-black oceanside house at Sea Bright, N.J., sees his wife and family in Teaneck only on weekends."
A television report in 2008 described the growing worry that the remaining asbestos could harm the health for the people who live in Barraba and for the people who visit the village.
At Emperor's Cup final, he played as substitute forward and scored a winning goal in extra time.
At Emporia, I-35 separates itself into a new road.
At Extreme Rules, Kofi Kingston defeated him in a tables match to bring the title back to Raw.
At first, he asked for indemnification of his losses and £10,000, an amount the Continental Congress had given Charles Lee for his services in the Continental Army.
At first, it was called just "Stone Bridge" or "Praha Bridge."
At first it was closer to the city, but boundaries have since been changed.
At first it was shown weekly.
At first Maria Elisabeth was a disappointment to her parents, as she had not been a son, but she quickly became the favorite from her cheerful personality.
At first, the British were not able to beat the Boers.
At first, there may be no symptoms.
At first, there was supposed to be only one winner; that person was Selina Ren.
At first, there were fifty-seven merit badges; today, there are 122.
At first they are only watching.
At first they lived together in Palace Noordeinde.
At first Vampires Dawn has been made for the computer like all RPG Maker games.
At first, very basic ways of spreading these gases were used.
At Gulu about 120 km from the South Sudanese border, November to February is much drier than the rest of the year.
Athens asked for help from Sparta.
Athens is an example: The residents of Athens were of three groups: citizens, metics (resident aliens) and slaves.
"A theory of colors in combination – A descriptive model related to the NCS color-order system".
At higher temperatures each unbound electron behaves as if it were a free particle.
At high pressure, the manmade white form turns into the yellow form.
A thin version of the baguette is called 'ficelle'.
A third attempt in 1977 was successful and he won the seat of Mangere.
A third bridge carries the A19 trunk road over the Wear to the West of the City.
A third of Orion’s profits is from outside Korea.
A third sequel called Step Up Revolution was released in 2012 and the fifth and final movie, Step Up: All In, was released in 2014.
A third way is to make children feel shame and expect people to laugh at them and then turn away from them.
At his adult ceremony, however, everything changes too quickly to predict.
At his death he reportedly wanted to disinherit his eldest son but was persuaded to divide the Norman dominions between his two eldest sons.
At his retirement at the age of 90, he was the oldest Head of State in the world.
At his school, Grabowski started to want to know more about language.
At his sixth participation with the team in WTTTC he won bronze.
At his teenager, Parker's hobbies were hacking and programming.
At his trial, Moseley was found guilty.
Athlete (center) holding a scraper and an oil flask.
Athletes participate in the Olympics Games to represent their country.
Athol was created in 1888. citation The first post office in Athol was created in February 1888.
At home, Patrick is usually either sleeping (stuck to the bottom of his rock), watching TV (whether the TV is actually on or not), or doing the "art of doing nothing."
A time posted by Ratzenberger before his fatal crash would have been sufficient for entry into the race starting from the 26th and final position on the grid.
A time scale for fly evolution.
A tiny fraction of a second later the edges of the cards are squashed extra-thin.
", a title which they retain for life.
At its peak, spiritualism was very popular, and its followers formed Spiritualist churches.
At its widest the sea is around 2,000 km across.
At just over convert, Hodgkinson was on the small side for a goalkeeper, but made up for the lack of height by his good positional play.
Atlassian bought BlueJimp on April 5, 2015.
At least 40,000 people came on her last day in Seattle.
At least 700 planes takeoff from the airport daily.
At least two people died.
Atlético Municipal changed to its current name, Atlético Nacional, in 1951.
Atmosphere is not transparent for all the radiation coming from the sun because of different composition and layers.
At night, she is said to travel under ground back to her camp in the east.
At nine years old, alan was selected for the leading role in the TV drama Tai Yang Nu Shen and first pursued a career as an actress.
A toll of six dollars is charged on the one-way toll side of the bridge (the side opposite of the Eastern Shore).
Atomic model of plant light-harvesting complex by electron crystallography.
Atoms are made of protons, neutrons and electrons.
At once it became very popular.
At one point on December 4 it was thought that Epsilon had weakened into a tropical storm for a short time, but later post-analysis showed that Epsilon had never weakened at all.
At one point the Union line broke.
At one time, Japanese people thought that it is hard to walk with geta and sometimes get injured by hanao.
At one time the station was sending out 14 million moth eggs a day.
A total of 120,000 were killed by September 2013. citation In addition, tens of thousands of protesters were put in jail.
A total of 399 of these men had syphilis before the study began.
A total of 41 people were killed and more than 1,600 were injured.
A total of 59 nations sent athletes to compete at the London Games.
A total of around 530,000 Dutch civilians worked for the Germans, of whom 250,000 were sent to factories in Germany.
A total of four people have served as President of Rwanda (not counting two Acting Presidents).
At other times, Elvish languages were the common speech.
A tough player who fought often, Bakovic spent three seasons playing minor pro in the Flames' system without seeing an NHL game.
A town in the most eastern province of Canada.
A toy poodles walks proudly in show.
At present it can consider incorporated to the gastronomy of all the levels.
At present there's no known community of active speakers of Eurolang.
"A track star at Sumner High School, Gregory earned an athletic scholarship in 1951 to Southern Illinois University at Carbondale and became the first member of his family to attend college."
A train consisted of 10 cars.
A trained reader is able to read and understand between 200 and 300 words per minute, for a text that is not very difficult to understand.
A tram stop may also be called a tram station or streetcar stop.
A transgender person might want their body to look different so that they look more like their chosen gender.
A Transmittance-Absorbance conversion table may be seen here.
A tree that could be used for bonsai is not small in nature.
A trigger factor or 'trigger' for short is a factor that may cause an activity or the signs and/or symptoms of a medical condition to begin.
A Triple Threat match is regular match but with three wrestlers instead of two.
A truce in 1360 gave England about one quarter of France.
A truck engine, transmission, and other parts can be from different companies.
At school, Will also has an enemy named Warren Peace.
At Sochi 2014, she finished sixth in snowboard cross.
At some places, there are benches A fence or railing of varying height runs along the length of the path.
At some point in the 9th century (at least by 888) it became part of the territory of the Armenian Bagratids.
Attached to the head there are usually three other pairs of appendages—a pair called chelicerae, used for grasping food; a pair of sensory projections called palps; and a pair of egg-carrying legs (sometimes underdeveloped or absent in the female).
At Tamshiell Rigg there is evidence of a walled settlement.
At that moment, both the warm and cold front are very large.
At that point, he sees Kate's plane flying far overhead, and then closes his eyes, for the last time.
At that point Lee realized he had been defeated.
At that rally at least eight people injured.
At that time, 1,134 passengers and 572 crew were on board.
At that time black musicians were not played on white radio stations.
At that time he changed his name to "Kwame".
At that time, he was a young second lieutenant.
At that time, it is said that there was a short time when the killed bodies were left in the truck and in the basement of the house.
At that time, it served as the clubhouse and changing rooms for the acres of sports playing fields, several bowling greens, a fishing lake and an outdoor swimming lido, a natural mineral spring forming the source for the lido's healthy waters.
At that time it was called Biblioteca y Museo Municipales (Municipal Library and Museum).
At that time, it was known as Sekolah Menengah Rendah, Bukit Mertajam (the Lower Secondary School, Bukit Mertajam) with a total of 717 students and 29 teachers (including a religious teacher and a principal Mr. A. Gopala Krishnan).
At that time, lots of people wanted to make it so that there would never be another war.
At that time the most beautiful buildings arose in this fortified town.
At that time, the word simply meant black person and did not have its current meaning.
At that time, they are made up of between 50 and 150 cells.
At that time, this disease was described by coming from the "Le Clapiers" part of the city of Paris.
At that time very colorful women's dresses were called "Dolly Vardens".
At the 1964 event in Tel Aviv, he scored a combined 15 points out of 18, citation earning him the individual board one gold medal.
At the 1968 Games he represented East Germany and finished fifth in the single sculls contest.
At the 2001 California Music Awards, Green Day won all eight awards that they were nominated for.
At the 2005 census, Tequila had 38,534 people.
At the 2006 census, its population was 481, in 128 families.
At the 2009 Trophée Eric Bompard, she won first in the short program with the score of 76.08 points, 16.44 points ahead of Yukari Nakano.
At the 2010 census, 83,089 people lived there.
At the 2012 census, 2,059 people lived there.
At the 2014 Winter Paralympics, he finished twenty-eighth.
At the 4th Chess Olympiad, Prague 1931, he faced a much stronger field.
At the 70th Primetime Emmy Awards, it received the most nominations with nine, and won three awards, including Outstanding Limited Series and Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie for Criss.
At the age of 10 years, Thomas appeared on stage for the first time.
At the age of 13, he started selling SIM cards.
At the age of 13, he started selling SIM cards and doing odd jobs.
At the age of 24 he became a minister in the Dutch Reformed Church.
At the Asian Games she won bronze with the team, while in the singles she reached the round of 16. At the Asian Cup, where Ri played, she missed the 3rd place, so she became fourth place.
At the beginning of 1942 Brazil permitted the US to set up air bases on its soil.
At the beginning of August Ormonde handed over Dublin, together with 3000 royalist troops under his command, to the Parliamentarian commander Michael Jones.
At the beginning of October 2, 2009, he played in the BKM for one season.
At the centre of Montreal is a mountain called Mount Royal.
At the close of this part, Christine makes another address to all women announcing the completion of the City of Ladies.
At the club level, she played for Shanghai women's volleyball team.
At the College, one main sport is played each term.
At the conference, Lippe meets fellow insurance agents Ronald Wilkes, Dean Ziegler and Joan Ostrowski-Fox.
At the Congress, Arabs from around the Ottoman Empire discussed the possibility of freeing themselves from the Ottoman Empire and establishing Arab-governed countries.
At the copper disc, the electrons "replace" those that were "stolen" from the copper by the zinc.
At the Dawn of the Cold War: The Soviet-American Crisis Over Iranian Azerbaijan, 1941–1946, (Rowman & Littlefield; 409 pages; $75).
At the end of 1896, he formed a new company, Star Film.
At the end of 1950s, the need for the training of specialists was beginning to be appreciated in both Estonia and different centres of the Soviet Union.
At the end of each season, five of these teams go to the "post-season" where one will win the National League championship.
At the end of each season they divided any money the orchestra had earned amongst themselves.
At the end of each stage is a boss.
At the end of each world, Mario faces a boss.
At the end of his life, Bede became ill and had difficulty breathing.
At the end of the 19th century, many Japanese believed that Japan needed to expand in order to face Western foreign powers.
At the end of the 80s, Segura forms part of the costumbrista series Mis Adorables Entenados, by Ecuavisa, based on the theatrical work ¡Me la gané por Diosito Santo!
At the end of the Bab Sharqi street, one reaches the House of Ananias, an underground chapel that was the cellar of Ananias's house.
At the end of the dive the diver must return to the surface of the water where there is less pressure.
At the end of the episode, the Doctor takes Adam home.
At the end of the game, 1-0 means "White won", 0-1 means "Black won" and ½-½ is a draw.
At the end of the music video, they listed the names of the fans that sent them letters as a credit.
At the end of the sentence there is a punctuation mark depending on whether it is a statement, a question, a command, a request or an exclamation.
At the end of the series, The Ash & Pikachu manga is similar, although it has the episodes from the anime like "The Fortune Hunters" and "A Goldenrod Opportunity" combined, but with a few changes.
At the end of the twentieth century, Russia experienced many political changes.
At the end of this round, there is no elimination, with the game instead moving to a head to head round.
At the end, she enters a lovely garden.
At the end, the lead singer finds Daredevil's club and sees the name Fuel burning from gasoline.
At the end, the less privileged among the Princes and son of a concubine, Suleimanu, emerged as the Emir.
At the end, the player is ranked, either getting a Perfect Level, Mediocre, or a Miss.
At the entrance of Bulguksa is Chengun-gyo.
At the Eurovision final, Hassani finished in 16th place, with 105 points.
At the group session, Gia openly admits she exploited her privileges, and that she has no regard for the others' feelings.
At the June 2010 budget, the end of the forecast period was 2015–16.
At the King's absence in the capital city, the Tangkhul tribes raided the city.
At the last tribal council, Tom voted Ian out of the game.
At the location of Esperanto meetings there is also a pub, a tearoom, a bookstore, etc. with Esperanto-speaking workers.
At the Marquise's castle, Sulpice is recovering from an injury.
At the meeting the Marian Anderson Citizens Committee was formed.
At the moment, even though we do not know what people are thinking, brain-scan technology can identify when people are responding pleasurably to images, providing some clue as to how certain images affect some people.
At the Money In The Bank pay per view he was in the RAW money in the bank match but came up short.
At the Olympics Japan beat Brazil in the first game.
At the Paralympic Games Homan won a Gold Medal in the doubles event.
At the Pyongyang Open in the same year, she came to the final, where she beat the defensiv- player Ri Myong-sun, too. citation In the doubles she took gold, too.
At the request of Grace Elliott, he saved the life of Louis René Quentin de Richebourg de Champcenetz, the governor of the Tuileries Palace, who was his personal enemy.
At the reward challenge, the players were split into three teams, and Bruce, Aras, and Sally won.
At the ribbon top is a bar with the word "VALOUR".
At the royal ball, Cinderella falls in love with the prince.
At the same time, Agrippa Postumus the last son of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa is also adopted and named as Augustus' heir.
At the same time, he gave the book to some sixth, seventh and eighth graders to read and tell him what was good or bad about it.
At the same time Jackson's Louisiana Brigade outflanked, then overran the Union position on Bower's Hill (southwestern part of Winchester).
At the same time, Miss Charlotte Tidswell, an actress who had been especially kind to him since he was young, taught him the basics of acting.
At the same time she is a theater and dance instructor and voice actor.
At the same time smaller rebellions were breaking out in Wales and southwest England.
At the same time the bladder sends a message to the sphincters to relax and let the liquid pass.
At the same time, the police get William "Billy" Costigan (Leonardo DiCaprio) to gain access into Costello's crew.
At the same time, there was another entertainment magazine Hui Kai Guide (去街 Guide).
At the same time, there were many free African Americans in the north.
At the same time, the Soviet Union’s technological development had fallen behind.
At the same time, they were against possessing material goods.
At the same time, three heavy cruisers and two destroyers under the command of Rear Admiral Aritomo Gotō were to bomb Henderson Field to destroy the CAF and the airfield.
At these, they discussed maintenance of a treaty between both parties.
At the start, masses were sung in Latin or Greek.
At the start of 2010, Balder gave authorship of the comic to Tim Crist, the comedy musician behind Worm Quartet.
At the start of the game one can choose a type of dog and give it a name.
At the start of this video, two people in a car get out and go inside to the party.
At the start, the Delisle scale had 2400 degrees.
At the stops, Boutsen got ahead of Patrese.
At the time, both Port Credit and Streetsville were left out and remained separate.
At the time, Captain Quintino Bonomo, an Italian representative, discussed the need for common operating procedures.
At the time, Hanifi was a professor at Northern Illinois University.
At the time Indiranagar was a suburb, far outside Bangalore city.
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Marcellus and Sulpicius.
At the time it was most populated, it was the largest known city there at the time, housing over 100,000.
At the time it was the largest indoor venue in the U.S with seats for around 10,500.
At the time, LCDs could not be used because they had two problems when they were first tested on the console: they would blur if anything moved on the screen, and users would see double instead of depth.
At the time Napoléon was 41.
At the time of death, his girlfriend was Janie Dean.
At the time of her death she was 82 years old.
At the time of the 2014 Winter Paralympics, the skier was living in the United States.
At the time of the announcement, it was the oldest galaxy found.
At the time of the discovery, one was found to be still playable.
At the time, the ditches were deeper than they are now.
At the time the play came out, reviews all praised the play's humour.
At the village of Kasia, he saw the place where the Buddha had entered Nirvana (a kind of heaven).
At the war's end, Poland's borders were moved west, pushing the east border to the Curzon line.
At the Wiechs am Randen town hall there are some remaining border markers that became no longer needed with the land swap in 1967.
At the World Championships, they placed 7th.
At this competition, on 22 September, she debuted against South Korea.
At this height, the orbit takes 24 hours, so it is in sync with the land on Earth (the 'geo' part of geosynchronous).
At this point Wheatley did not have to do household chores anymore.
At this range, it is more important to have many smaller bullets than a few large bullets.
At this time, electricity is flowing through the gate and the voltage at its output is at the level of its On state.
At this time he was 40 years old.
At this time his accurate shooting can be an escapeway from this situation.
At this time the "Screaming Eagle" nickname became associated with the division.
At this tournament, he played all 4 matches as left midfielder.
At this tournament, he wore the number 10 shirt for Japan and played all 4 matches as offensive midfielder.
At this tournament, she played 5 matches and Japan won the 3rd place.
At times, Akshay and his wife, Sarat Kumari Chaudhurani, citation used to participate in long talks about literature in a garden at Thakur Bari.
At times, the negotiations appear promising.
Attorney John Wells founded the practice in 1792.
At Trujillo's request, his audition song was Battery, a very fast-paced song from Master of Puppets.
At Victory Road, Brown won the unique match when he pinned Raven.
A twelve-year field study, published in 2003, found that the Short-beaked Echidna reached sexual maturity between five and 12 years of age, and that the frequency of reproduction varies from once every two years to once every six years.
A twist for this season sent one player from the tribe winning reward to steal one item from the other tribe's camp.
A two-hour timeshift channel variant launched on June 30, 2014 via the My HD pay TV network.
At WrestleMania, Randy Orton will be in the main event.
A typical electronic amplifier.
A typical yellow-backed duiker's diet consists of bark, shoots, buds, seeds, fruits, fungi, herbs and some small animals.
Aubrey was their principal horn player.
Auburn was firstly official mentioned on February 2, 1839.
Audio, 20 minutes.
Audiologists will provide help that is customised to each patient to help them be able to communicate with the world around them.
Audiophiles are always looking for ways to improve their sound system.
August 1, 2012; excerpt, "Between the Olympic ideal and the Olympic reality is a trap that eight badminton players fell into at London 2012.
August 26 is National Dog Day.
August Edmun "Augie" Garrido Jr. (February 6, 1939 – March 15, 2018) was an American professional baseball player and coach.
"Aung San" for father, "Kyi" for mother, "Suu" for grandmother, also day of week of birth.
A unicycle is more expensive than a cheap bicycle, because unicycles are far less common.
Aurochs were also known to have very aggressive behaviour, and killing one was seen as an act of courage in ancient cultures.
Auschwitz; Inside the Nazi State.
A U.S. Postage Stamp commemorating one hundred years of sound recording.
A US soldier (foreground) uses a handie-talkie during a battle.
Austin helped Watkins to help the song become an empowerment for women who do not think they are beautiful enough.
Austin was the first Black commander of CENTCOM.
Austin, with the help of his family, owns the Austin Family Foundation, which helps improve the mental and physical status of young people.
Austin worked as a meteorologist during World War II.
Australian Artist 18.6 (Dec. 2001): 2. Apr.
Australian banknotes were the first in the world to use such features.
Australian English continued to grow and change.
Australia Network.
Australia never had".
Australian Mammalogy 27: 1-6 Potoroos have sharp three toed claws that help them dig into the ground to find the truffles growing in the soil.
Australian pennies and half-pennies started to be used the next year.
Australians on Bougainville and New Georgia islands were often able to warn of Japanese air strikes, allowing the U.S. fighters time to take off and attack the Japanese bombers and fighters as they approached the island.
Australian Soul, Cambridge University Press.
Australian speakers are supposed to be impartial; they are meant to be fair and not to take sides in arguments.
Austria failed in the qualifing round versus Italy, Chile and Cameroon.
Austria remained the most politically powerful of the German states.
Authorities evacuated more than 7,800 people from north of the Nicaraguan border after four rivers overflowed from rain caused by Beta.
Authority control with 31 elements.
Authority control with 37 elements.
Authorized employees of New York City Departments of Health (including Animal Care & Control), of Sanitation, or of Parks and Recreation can issue tickets.
Automatic face detection with OpenCV.
Automatic margins and booklet spine (gutter) lines may be specified for global use throughout the document.
Automatic responses to sudden pain, bare foot on a pin for example, happen instantaneously, and are consciously perceived later.
Automatism and the unconscious: the work was planned, but details were not.
Autoroute Info is a radio station in France serving central-eastern and Rhône-Alpes motorways, broadcasting in 107.7 MHz since 10/1991.
Autumn released On a Day: Music for Violin & Continuo on her label Traitor Records.
Auxiliadora met her husband, Tabaré Vázquez, when he was just 16 years old, and she was 19 years old.
Available from: Academic Search Complete, Ipswich, MA.
Available on Steam.
Avant can only work on Windows computers that have Internet Explorer (6, 7 or 8) installed on them.
A variety of action-reaction force pairs are evident in nature.
Avars of the Caucasus are remnants of White Huns, have a direct contact with Avar Empire of Europe.
A vault could be long like a tunnel.
Average measurements are applied.
A very fine and under-rated RPG.
A very good example of how this happens is the publication of scientific studies that rely on data that is inaccurate or misleading.
A very small change may make the system behave completely differently.
A very young tree is called a sapling.
Avialae is defined as a clade based on physical characteristics.
A video for Jay-Z's album version does not exist but an official video was created for "Welcome to Hollywood" using clips of different Beyoncé videos (much like the "
A video projector may also be built into a cabinet with a rear-projection screen to form a single unified display device, now popular for “home theater” applications.
Awakenings are more common in REM (Rapid Eye Movement) sleep as opposed to NREM.
", a walk that takes visitors past many historic places in the city.
A wall cloud over the Huntsville Police Academy which was damaged and left two officers injured.
A wall painting is sometimes called a fresco by mistake.
Awards have become one of Britain's biggest and most advertised music awards.
A war with France later split the Navarrese zone in two.
A watchdog timer may cause a system to reset itself to its initial state.
A Weddell seal breathing in a hole in the ice.
A week after "In Sorte Diaboli" reached No. 1 on the Norweigan album charts, the album attained No. 43 on The Billboard 200, making them the first Norwegian band since the 80's pop group 'A-HA' to enter the U.S. Top 50.
A white-mensural octuple whole note with stem facing down.
A Wicked Woman is a 1934 American drama movie directed by Charles Brabin and was based on the novel of the same name by Anne Austin.
A wicketkeeper-batsman, Agashe played first-class cricket for Maharashtra between 1962 and 1968 and scored two half-centuries in 13 matches.
A wide variety of fishes show cleaning behaviors.
A wise imp whom Sesshōmaru recruited on his journey.
"A woman, Mutjinga (the 'Old Woman'), was in charge of young children, but instead of watching out for them during their parents' absence, she swallowed them and tried to escape as a giant snake.
A woman teaching girls in Afghanistan how to use computers.
A wooden door panel made to guard the house from an unwelcome guest (Thomas Regnaudin, ca. 1660).
A work of art is cubist when the artist opts to break up objects and reassemble them in abstract and geometric form. citation citation Picasso could draw and paint when he was very young.
A worldwide design competition was held in 1899, with 17 entries received.
A wounded heart symbol pierced with an arrow.
Axes could be modified into throwing weapons as well (see the francisca for an example).
Axes designed for warfare ranged in weight from just over 0.5 kg to 3 kg (1 to 6 pounds), and in length from just over 30 cm to upwards of 1.5 m (1 to 5 feet), as in the case of the Danish axe or the sparth axe.
Aycock had previously worked as a commercial pilot.
Aycock tried to fly the plane very low over their tour bus, where the other band members were sleeping.
Ayden has used the council-manager form of government since 1957.
Aydın Büyükşehir Belediyespor was established on 7 November 2014.
A year later, both Julie and George are in college in Boston.
A year later he left home to go to school in Zlonice.
A year later, it was announced that it would feature new voice actors for the main characters.
A year later the act was overturned by the 5–4 decision in Pollick.
A year later, the western part of the territory was turned into Oklahoma territory.
A young female otter named Tiria Wildlough is living at Redwall Abbey.
A young female squirrel named Trisscar (mostly called Triss) is a slave to a royal family of white ferrets who live in a castle on an island.
A young girl and her cat play a game by its light, a pilot flies a plane using its light.
Ayurveda Hospital, Nadakkavu Market Jn.
Azad Kashmir is under the indirect control of Pakistan, however its defence, foreign policy and currency are under the direct control of Pakistan.
Azrael is the archangel of death.
Azuki beans were used as medicine, because Azuki beans are nutritious.
B2C commerce involves e-commerce between businesses and consumers.
B2 is equal to other disability classifications for other sports.
"Baba screams and fires at it several times."
Babcock was a member of the Alberta New Democratic Party.
"Babe" Pratt was a star defenceman around this time.
Baby cuckoos grow fast and often get bigger than the parents who feed them.
Baby hatches started in medieval times.
Baby Mario is Mario when he was a child.
Bacchus Marsh was named after one of its original inhabitants, Captain William Henry Bacchus.
Bach’s music has never been forgotten again since then.
Bach wrote them as exercises and study pieces for his 12 year old son, Wilhelm Friedemann Bach.
Back at home, Laura informs them that they will have the rest of the belongings that they had to leave behind in the season premiere returned to them, but that they will sell them at a charity sale for PATH.
Back at Providence, Rex's brother, Caesar Salazar, tells Rex that Van Kleiss can never make another Omega-1 Nanite because he has a quarter of the blueprint memorized in his mind.
Back at the dentist's office, the high-tech filter breaks down and The Tank Gang escape into the harbor.
Back at the palace Alberich tries to persuade his son Hagen to get the ring.
Back at the Xavier Institute, they mourn the Jean Grey's death.
Bäckebo Church, opened 1847, is a Tegnér barn.
Back in Brussels, Vieuxtemps developed his violin technique on his own.
Backing vocals provided by Julia Stone.
Back in Nalanda he took leave of the monks and headed back to his native country in 643.
Back in the ring, Austin laid a "Stone Cold" Stunner on to retain the belt as a disgruntled Vince scowled.
Bacterial infection is the most common cause.
Bad Balance actively promoted the hip hop culture in Russia.
BADD’s messages and PSA’s spread across the world.
Badenhorst wanted to compete in para-athletics.
Badge of Ulam's identity of Los Alamos National Laboratory.
"Bad" was released as the second single.
Baekdu has large crater lake, It is called Heaven Lake.
BAFTA is supported by a membership of around 6,000 people from the movie, television and video game industries.
Bahá'ís say that he is not the last prophet/manifestation of God.
Bailey raised a monument to Old Bet at his Elephant Hotel in Somers, New York.
Baird joined the National Australia Bank (NAB) under a graduate program working as an investment banker.
Ba is believed to have a unique personality based on the person who has it.
Bajaur is inhabited almost exclusively by Tarkani Pashtuns, and there are their main sub-tribes in Bajaur: Utmankhel, Tarkalanri as well as a small population of Safis.
Baker has had many jobs as a voiceover artist.
Bakers sometimes bake goods at home and then sell them in the streets.
Bakker began writing the books in the early 2000s.
Baku is one of world's leading chess centres.
Balad was founded in 1995.
Balal Yousaf, Guijian Liu, Ruwei Wang, Qumber Abbas, Muhammad Imtiaz, Ruijia Liu: Investigating the biochar effects on C-mineralization and sequestration of carbon in soil compared with conventional amendments using stable isotope (δ13C) approach.
Balance is kept by shifting body weight towards the fingers or the heel of the hand.
Baldwin City was incorporated on September 22, 1870.
Baldwin continued moving his borders to the south and gained control of Artois.
Baleen whales are generally larger than toothed whales, and females are larger than males.
Ballack started his career in a small club in Eastern Germany.
Balls with red or blue dots are fast.
Balmoral Castle in Scotland is one of the Queen's homes.
Balochistan is rich in exhaustible and renewable resources; it is the second major supplier of natural gas in Pakistan.
Balor won and then also won the fatal four-way match so he could get a Universal Championship match against Lesnar, but he could not compete in the Royal Rumble anymore.
Balukas heard many complaints from the men upon her entry to a Chicago tournament in 1988.
Bamberg Cathedral is the only place in Germany where a pope is buried.
Bamberg is built on seven hills, each with a building at the top.
Banco Central was created in 1919.
Band gaps can be either direct or indirect, depending on the electronic band structure.
Bands were influenced from stripped-down 1970s punk rocksfncheck and Detroit proto-punk.
Bands who a few months previously had been criticising the NME were now eager to be included.
Bandura believes in reciprocal determinism in which the environment can influence people's behavior and vice versa.
Bandura did an experiment to test his ideas.
Bandura's social cognitive theory suggests that humans can learn through observation without imitating the observed behavior.
Banga in its etymological sense means Vanga or Vanka — marshy land.
Bangalore and Mangalore have airports as well for traveling to Kudle beach.
Bangladesh played their 1st One-Day International against a full member of ICC (
Banking is very important in Charlotte.
Banks influenced Gregory and his older brother, John, to move from England.
Baradulin was the last Belarusian to be honored as a People's Poet (1992).
Barbara H. Rosenwein, A Short History of the Middle Ages, (Ontario, 2004), p. 71-72.
Barbie Reynolds (Nina Baden-Semper) is Bill's wife.
Barbie's body measurements changed in 1998 due to consumer demand.
Barbirolli was then made conductor of the Scottish Orchestra (now called the Royal Scottish National Orchestra).
Bare fiberglass can cause skin irritation and cuts when handled without gloves.
Barham represented the agricultural District 33 from 1976 to 1980.
Barilla also provides pasta products to restaurants worldwide.
Barisal Division used to be part of Khulna Division.
Barkha puts sleeping powder in Dev's juice, causing him to become unconscious.
Barkha then reveals that she loves Dev and Radhika overhears everything.
Barnes was first from Screeching Weasel and Squirtgun's drummer.
Baroque or Rococo is based on classical architecture, but these styles have their own features, that are different to classical architecture.
Barrett, Paul, "Bush Picks Barr for Attorney General Post", The Wall Street Journal, October 17, 1991, page A25.
Barron, event occurs at 3.38 He called the show's crew "a real fun little family" and a "well-oiled machine" Barron, event occurs at 5.06 by the time he joined the show.
Barrow have twice won non-league football's highest cup competition, the FA Trophy - in 1990 and 2010, becoming the only non-league club to have won the trophy at both old and new Wembley stadia.
Barry became the first hurricane of the season in early July.
Bart collapses on the medical room floor.
Bart finds the tunnel and goes to the parallel universe.
Bartholomew helped make John Bartholomew and Son Ltd. one of the best in the business.
Barton taught at the school for ten years.
Bartram informed on her brother, husband and close friends.
Bascule bridge counterweights must weigh several times as much as the span being lifted.
Based on these discussion they developed a joint plan.
Based on the short stories "Bay City Blues" (1938), "The Lady In The Lake" (1939), "No Crime In The Mountains" (1941).
Based on the short stories "Killer in the Rain" (1935) and "The Curtain" (1936).
Based on what kind of audience you are writing to, (boss, coworkers, customers, other companies) certain formats will be expected.
Bashi Channel is the northern channel of Luzon Strait.
Bashkir Central Shuro on 11 November (November 24), 1917 issued an order 1 on the need for Bashkirs own national government.
Basically it means being angry, but not facing the issue at hand.
Basic methods of structural geology.
Basie made a new band, which included many of the musicians from Moten's band.
Basil Dean was its "controller and producer".
Bastet and Sekhmet were paired, for example, but they were paired geographically and not as opposite personalities of Bastet.
Batasuna is the only party in the did not condemn the violent attacks carried out by ETA.
Báthory was the name of an aristocratic family in Europe in the Middle Ages.
Bathymetric showing part of Davidson Seamount.
Bats arrived 15 million years ago (mya), and rodents 5–10 mya.
Battle Cry of Freedom: The Civil War Era.
Bautista works include Boneyard Breaking, Sugat ng Salita, The Archipelago, Telex Moon, Summer Suns, Charts, The Cave and Other Poems, Kirot ng Kataga, and Bullets and Roses: The Poetry of Amado V. Hernandez.
Bayesian statistical model checking with application to Stateflow/Simulink verification.
BBC History of World War II.
BBC News (2018) Women and their achievements feature on billboards in Iran.
BBC News, International version.
BBC Radio Five Live.
BC is an easy way to account for air resistance.
Beach was best known for the role of Roger De Bris in both the stage and movie productions of The Producers.
Beamish, The North of England Open Air Museum is an open air museum.
Bearing similarity to both men both in terms of appearance and personality, initially observed by Jotaro and Polnareff in case he was anything like Dio, Giorno dreams of becoming a "Gang-Star" (combining "Gangster" and "Superstar").
Bears a striking resemblance to 20th century expressionism.
Bear was the road manager for The Grateful Dead.
Beatty started his career making appearances on television shows such as Studio One (1957), Kraft Television Theatre (1957), and Playhouse 90 (1959).
Beautiful Joe is a story about a mongrel dog named Joe.
Became rector of North Bovey in Devon in 1866 and served there for 50 years.
Because "dec" means 10, it uses the 10 digits from 0 to 9. Most people think that we most often use base 10 because we have 10 fingers.
Because espresso is so strong, it is usually mixed with other coffee drinks in small amounts.
Because full contact is not allowed, the students have no need to use strong protectors (things that protect).
Because geologic units occurring at the same time but from different parts of the world can often look different and contain different fossils, there are many examples where the same period was historically given different names in different locales.
Because he was good at working out financial problem, he got a high position of Japanese government.
Because he wrote in German, his work was not widely known.
Because his father is Canadian, Johnson was given Canadian citizenship in 2009 through changes to the law.
Because Hornish had more wins than Wheldon, he was made the 2006 Indy Car Champion.
Because human hearing is more sensitive to some frequency bands than others, thresholds vary depending on the frequency of the stimulus tone.
Because inductors are heavier than other electrical components, people have been using them in electrical equipment less often.
", because it has such a shape.
Because it is known from several bone beds, Edmontosaurus is thought to have lived in groups.
Because its origin in Ancient Greek was ζῷον, written with the long 'o' first.
Because mammals have similar emotions, and can show their emotions very clearly, Darwin, Charles 1872.
Because many critics did not know who E was, they were confused by the album's title, but the album still sold well.
Because molecules can have complicated structures, people have made ways to show them in simple language.
Because nearly five decades had passed since the original Disney movie, a new cast of voice actors was used for this sequel.
Because no one in his family ran, he started running at a park in Castrelos Vigo but not with the idea of doing it at the highest level.
Because of a lawsuit filed by Homme, Kyuss Lives! changed their name to Vista Chino.
Because of all the executions while she was Queen, she was given the nickname "Bloody Mary", which is a name for a modern cocktail today.
Because of all these, Kim finally won her third Grand Prix Final title with a score of 188.86 points.
Because of being hit, she chose to be more laid-back.
Because of big competition with other "good-looking" shops, it no longer follows this philosophy.
Because of her extraordinary and heroic life, many Korean people make novels, plays, musicals and so on till now.
Because of her top three finishes in so many races, Perales was awarded the Gran Cruz del Mérito Deportivo and the Medalla de Oro de la Real Orden del Mérito Deportivo.
Because of his pacifism, Ozai begins to gain the advantage.
Because of machines like this, new ways of talking to these machines were invented, and new types of machines were invented, and eventually the computer as we know it was born.
Because of Miloš's efforts and negotiations Serbia was finally an independent state, after centuries under Ottoman reign.
Because of that, spam was used as a rationed item.
Because of the high performance and expense of the cars, a lower level racing series was needed for developing drivers and teams.
Because of their centralized administration and strong military, they were able to resist an attack by the Ottoman empire.
Because of their wide angle of view, fisheye lenses are often used in cameras used for surveillance.
Because of the large number of German forces south of Caen, Montgomery moved the British armor west and launched Operation Bluecoat from 30 July until 7 August to add to the attacks from the United States armies.
Because of the safety problems with aluminum wiring, it was discontinued for building wiring in the mid-1970s.
Because of these reasons, Auschwitz-Birkenau was thought of as the most efficient part of the Nazi killing machine during the Holocaust, and could kill up to 2,000 people a day if a proper schedule was made and followed.
Because of these, she set a new world record of 207.71 as well as winning her first World Championship title and she became the first female skater to go over 200 points citation under the ISU Judging System.
Because of the splash made by the water going over rocks, rapids are also called "whitewater".
Because of the steep hills the New South Wales Government Railways built the railway a few kilometres from the town.
Because of the stings, they are called "cow killer" or "cow ant".
Because of the term in ε 0 ∂E / ∂t, wave propagation in free space now is possible.
Because of the variety of their diets, crappies may be caught in many ways.
" because of this. a product of his mother's overly strict methods of teaching.
Because of this, "Big Two Hearted River" is often published in collections of best writing.
Because of this, cocoa beans were used as money.
Because of this, he could not pay his bills or eat properly.
Because of this, he has sometimes been referred to as the "father of solid state chemistry".
Because of this, he said, a share of Iraqi debt should be forgiven.
Because of this, independent artists usually receive less radio play and sell fewer CDs than artists signed to major labels.
Because of this, it is still sometimes hard to tell the members of this order apart.
Because of this, it is very easy for an octopus to squeeze through very narrow openings between rocks, for example squeezing through a hole as big as its eye.
Because of this, it was equal to one franc.
Because of this, Malinowski started new fieldwork in the Trobriand Islands in 1915.
Because of this, many bullfrogs may have abnormal (not normal) development.sfncheck The eggs hatches after four days.
Because of this, many climbs were classified as 5.10s, and some were much harder than others.
Because of this, many countries are trying to lessen the kinds of building that usually happen near beaches that have coral reefs nearby, and be more careful about the boats that go around reefs.
Because of this, many countries created national public health organizations (which studied public health issues in an entire country).
Because of this, many scientists, doctors, and even the U.S. army study bats carefully.
Because of this, mosque architects used the shape of the bell tower for their minarets.
Because of this, old houses in different towns and different villages look quite different to each other, even in the same country.
Because of this, people started to protest.
Because of this, software was not as good.sfncheck Iwata asked for an analysis to be done.
Because of this, talking to each other was difficult.
Because of this, the delta is shrinking.
Because of this, the electricity will flow easily from the side with too many electrons to the side with too few.
Because of this, their meeting is called "Qi Xi" (Double Seventh).
Because of this, the publisher almost did not release the second edition.
Because of this they are unable to digest lactose.
Because of this, they need to be in a damp place or they will die.
Because of this, they said that in future new states would have to be recognized by other states.
Because of those beliefs, they killed many people who belonged to those races.
Because of wheelchair access laws, elevators are often a legal requirement in new multi-story buildings, especially where wheelchair ramps would be impractical.
Because scientists cannot control exactly what changes between entangled particles occur, it is not possible to use quantum entanglement alone to send messages.
Because she lived in a commune, she looked forward to having her own apartment when she grew up.
Because she was a Time Lord, Romana was able to regenerate, having two on-screen incarnations with somewhat different personalities (called Romana I and Romana II by fans).
Because she was later institutionalized in a mental hospital for her actions, Shoto intends to become a top hero using only his mother's Quirk instead of his father's as his way to dishonor him.
Because some babies swallow so quietly, the only way of knowing that they are swallowing is when a pause in their breathing is heard.
Because Stuart's men showed up so fast, Barnes thinks that they must be close by.
Because the ancient Spartans had such good natural defenses, they did not need city walls.
Because the Australian Paralympic Committee wanted to send snowboarders to the sports debut at the 2014 Games, her training was sped up to try to make sure she could compete at the Sochi Paralympics.
Because the computing power is limited, the "resolution" of such a model is more coarse.
Because the legal codes are very important and complicated, judges must be very well trained.
Because the Maya lands were poor in this respect, they were not very interesting for the Spanish at that stage.
Because the mold spores are airborne, the mold can spread easily.
Because the Natterjack Toad is often present in low numbers, its loud mating calls are important so that the sexes can find each other.
Because the paint is transparent the artists use a special technique.
Because there are 50 states, there are 100 senators.
Because there is a vacuum inside the tube (which has to be strong enough to hold out the air), and the tube must be glass for the phosphor to be visible, the tube must be made of thick glass.
Because there was not much damage, the name Jerry was not retired, so it was used again in 2001 and 2007, it will also be used again in 2013.
Because these countries were not cooperating, they could not work together to enforce anti-poaching laws, and were not interested enough in fighting wildlife crime together.
Because they are famous as so-called "
Because they deal with knowledge portion of the Vedas, they are called Jnana-Kanda (Jnana means knowledge).
Because they had lost their positions on the east side of the Matanikau, the Japanese decided that an attack on the U.S. defenses along the coast would be too hard.
Because they have very good eyes, jumping spiders can see human beings when they approach.
Because they wanted people to trust the virus Pfizer published the study protocols publicly.
Because Turkmen tribes, most notably the Yomud, were in the military service of the Khivan khan, Russian forces invaded Khorazm, destroying many settlements and killing hundreds of Turkmens.
Because white people historically had more power, some people call racism against whites reverse racism.
Because Williams in the employee table did not have an department ID, Williams was not printed in the final result.
Because wrestlers may have had to compete in rainy weather, there were two skamma in the palaestra: a dry one and a wet one.
"Bechyně rainbow" was the highest reinforced concrete arch bridge in the former Czechoslovakia, the height above the river 50 m, 90 m span arch and length 203.38 m. The bridge is used for road and rail transport and for walk as well.
Beck Bennett (born October 1, 1984) is an American actor, writer, and comedian.
" becomes Budapestről, and "with Alexandra" becomes Alexandrával.
Becoming aware of sexual feelings is a normal developmental task of adolescence.
Becoming Jane is a movie directed by Julian Jarrold in 2007.
Becoming mayor allows you to change your town more than in past games.
Bede's work would still not be possible if not for Ceolfrid, the fourth abbot.
Bede, writing in 731, wrote that up to his day no king of the Scots had attempted to wage war against the northern English again.
Beefaroni is a food product of Chef Boyardee.
Beer became a favorite drink and many German-Americans who knew how to brew beer began producing it in large quantities.
Beer is made by adding warm water to malted barley and other grains.
Beer was also drunk by Romans in Britain.
Beethoven had many problems when his brother Caspar Carl died, leaving a 9-year-old son.
Beethoven rebelled against this determinative quality in the first movement.
Beethoven spent some time working on the opera before he was completely happy with it.
Beetles that can only eat one kind of thing are said to be host specific.
Before 1900, Orlando was a center of orange farming.
Before 1935, Australia had no toads.
Before 1980, the board of directors and its chairman were in charge of the day-to-day operations of the center.
Before 1990, the governor and lieutenant governor were elected in separate elections; since then they have run together on the same ticket.
Before and after Elvis' passing, West wrote several books, and made public appearances at Elvis related conventions and gatherings, speaking out on his time working for Presley and their relationship.
Before a soldier joins the army, he must qualify to be in it first.
Before being mayor, he was a member of the Pittsburgh City Council from 2002 until 2014.
Before being Prime Minister, Cioloș was European Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development between 2010 and 2014, and the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development in Romania from 2007 to 2008.
Before computers, the table of logarithms was an important tool.
Before dying, Kaworu apologizes to Shinji for not being able to bring him happiness and promises that they will meet again.
Before Enzo Ferrari's death in 1988 it was called 'Autodromo Dino Ferrari'.
Before Fox News, Snow was often a guest for The Rush Limbaugh Show.
Before he dies, he passes on a brooch to Taran.
Before Henry died, he asked to be buried next to Jane.
Before he started using the alias "William Bonney", McCarty's first arrest was for stealing food in late 1875.
Before, he was in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1980 until 1982.
Before his time in the co-operative movement, he was involved in the insurance business.
Before his time in the Senate, he was a lawyer.
Before humans cut down forests, Black Swallowtail were rare.
Before joining the university he had worked for ICL.
Before Jürgen Klinsmann became a professional soccer player, he worked as a baker-associated in the baker's shop of his father in Stuttgart-Botnang.
Before leaving at the end of the summer they have a fight.
Before Malawi became independent in 1964, the territory was called Nyasaland.
Before Nokia N900 has memory hardware is 600MB of memory card is 512MB and 256MB, Nokia N900 has an Dual PIN in 708MB names is Nokia Flushed Dual PIN was designed from hardware.
Before playing the mini-game, a certain number of coins are taken from all players.
Before releasing the mixtape, Minaj released five songs with rap group the Hoodstars.
Before serving as a congressman, Aparicio was a delegate from 1990 through 1992.
Before she died she had been writing a book.
Before starting his own YouTube channel, PewDiePie studied Industrial Economics and Technology Management at Chalmers University of Technology until he dropped out.
Before that the Company had their own army units, paid for by their profits and these joined with British Army units.
Before the 1950s these were usually "
Before the 1999 model year, it was known as The Pontiac Trans Sport.
Before the 2010 US Open began a series of qualifying matches were held for players who were not able to automatically enter the main draws.
Before the 20th century, the prime minister was often a member of the House of Lords.
Before the act, they introduce themselves("Who are you and where are you from?") is a common line.
Before the cake is eaten, the person whose birthday it is should make a wish, blow out the candles in one try - this would guarantee that the wish will come true.
Before the Department of the Environment had had these functions.
Before the formal start of naming, tropical cyclones were named after places, objects, or saints' feast days on which they occurred.
Before the Lightning's Stanley Cup championship, the team was regarded as one of the worst team in the league.
Before the memorial was carved, the native Lakota Indian Tribes called the mountain "Six Grandfathers".
Before the opening of Kawaramachi Station and Karasuma Station, the Hankyu Kyoto Line ended at Ōmiya Station.
Before the program, between 50.000 to 100.000 rats lived on the island.
Before the Romans arrived, what is now considered to be modern Britain consisted of around twenty two tribes.
Before the voyage, Queen Isabella reminded Columbus that he should treat all of the native people well and make them into Christians.
Before the war, he worked as an assistant to a vicar, and then went to France to teach English to the children of a French family.
Before this, people dug nitrates out of the ground or had bird feces shipped all over the world to farmers, and the bird feces was being used up faster than the birds could replace it.
Before this, she was their chief communications officer.
Before this the Egyptian army had stopped at Buhen, at the second cataract.
Before Unicode was introduced, other character encodings were used.
Before vitamin C was discovered this was the only treatment.
Beginning in 2001, she was chief of communications.
Beginning of the National Liberation War of Macedonia.
Beginning on 8 November, the American troops tried to surround Shōji's forces at Gavaga Creek near Koli Point.
Beharie acted in was American Violet.
Behavior analysis of child development as a field may have begun with the writings of Watson.
Behavioural adaptations are composed of inherited behaviour chains and/or the ability to learn: behaviours may be inherited in detail (
Beheading means cutting the convict's head off.
Behind the walls it was considered military zone.
Behnken served as Joint Operations Commander on the first crewed flight of the SpaceX Crew Dragon, the Demo-2 mission, launching May 20 and landing in Pensacola, Florida on August 2, 2020.
Behn's story was not primarily a protest against slavery but was written for money; and it met readers' expectations by following the conventions of the European romance novella.
Behold, you will conceive in your womb and bear a son, and you shall name him Jesus.
Behrens left DSW after getting the promotion ready to show TV but before TV production began due to creative differences with Hamilton, and was employed by TNA as Director of Third Party Bookings.
Being able to hold dual pistols firing both of them at the same time whilst hitting the targets.
Being a comparison of the system of landlord and tenant with that of occupying ownership in their influence on the wellbeing of the people.
Being around some animals is dangerous because they might attack humans.
Being both large and bright, it is one of the farthest objects that can be seen without a telescope or binoculars.
Being childless was considered unusual in the 1950s.
Being in A is necessary for being in the purple region, but not sufficient.
Being nearly landlocked affects the Mediterranean Sea's properties.
Being part of Oneworld means that the airlines sell tickets for their own flights as well as for other members' flights (for example, British Airways sells tickets for American Airlines flights).
", being released in September 1995, featured videos and pictures of Selena.
Being teenagers, Carly, Sam, and Freddie find they've also become online celebrities with their show, that shows contests, recipes, problem-solving, and random dancing.
Being unaware that researchers were going to test the participants’ memory meant that there was no need for rehearsal.
Beipiaosaurus had a toothless beak, cheek teeth, and protofeathers.
Belady's anomaly may also be a problem.
Belarusian Canadians are Canadian citizens of Belarusian descent or Belarusian-born individuals who reside in Canada: According to the 2016 Census there were 20,710 Canadians who claimed Belarusian ancestry.
Belcher was born in West Babylon, New York.
Belfour and Brodeur are tied for second, having each won the trophy four times.
Believing that a vampire child would endanger all humans in the area, the rest of the pack plans to kill Bella and the child.
Believing they are at their final moments, the toys join hands, but they are rescued just in time by the squeeze toy aliens (
Belizean cuisine is inspired by British, Mexican and Western Caribbean cooking.
Bellerophon had always longed to ride Pegasus, but Pegasus refused to be tamed.
Bell gave a full description of his experiments in a paper read before the "American Association for the Advancement of Science" in August, 1882.
Belmonte was a member of the Manila Jaycees, the Rotary Club of Manila and the Knights of Rizal.
Below are some of the important events that happened from 930 to 939.
Below are the similarities.
Below is a brief description of the three rules of Hund's rules.
Below is a chart of all the Navajo letters.
Below is a list of all the clubs that are playing in the 2018 season.
Below is a list of the eggs made for the Russian imperial family.
Below is a table with the polling results in Oklahoma.
Below them were the artisans, merchants, farmers, and fishers.
Below the National League, there are three regional leagues.
Below the shield arms is Andorra's national motto lang (
Belshazzar's body is facing the viewer, but his head is screwed around to see what is happening behind him.
Bender was made in Tijuana, Mexico.
Bendlin is the head of the International Organization of Migration.
Beneath her right foot, she crushes the royal crown of England.
Benedetti p. 199 His criminal career began in 1434.
Benedict is a part of USD 484 Fredonia.
Ben Hall joined the other members of the gang and they began stealing around the district.
Ben Hewitt writing for The Guardian in 2015 drew attention to the lyric's apocalyptic nature, imagining Cohen "greedily eyeing world domination like a Bond villain".
Benigno Repeki Fitial (born November 27, 1945) is a Northern Mariana politician.
Benjamin Morrell: A narrative of four voyages, to the South Sea, North and South Pacific Ocean, Chinese Sea, Ethiopic and Southern Atlantic Ocean, Indian and Antarctic Ocean, from the year 1822 to 1831.
Benjamin Thorpe, The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle according to the Several Original Authorities: Translation (London: Her Majesty's Stationery Office, 1861), p. 15 The true origin of the name cannot be determined accurately.
Benoit won the match and was congratulated by Theodore Long.
Benson had been gravely ill even before he accepted the governorship.
Ben tells her that she's been like this since the accident.
Bent Lorentzen (11 February 1935 – 3 October 2018) was a Danish composer.
Beowulf is the only heroic epic to have survived in its entirety, but fragments of others show that it was not unique in its time.
Beowulf tracks her down to her lair and slays her, after which he returns to his native Geatland.
Berar was joined to the central provinces in 1903 to form the enlarged province of central provinces and Berar.
Berga had got permission to form a town during the 13th century, but the town had never been formed.
Berger then ran wide entering the Brabham straight, allowing Prost to take third.
Berg took fifteen scenes from the play and made them into an opera with three acts.
Berg wrote Five Orchestral Pieces.
Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press.
Berlioz was more interested in the idée fixe which keeps haunting the young artist all the way through.
Berlioz wrote the words and music between 1856 and 1858.
Berman had written and recorded with the Silver Jews, he has also released two books: Actual Air (1999) and The Portable February (2009).
Bermuda is not only known as a holiday destination, but also as a centre for offshore investment.
Bernard S. Bachrach, Fulk Nerra, the Neo-Roman Consul, 987-1040 (Berkeley: University of California Press, 1993), p. 202 It took between twelve and eighteen months to arrange the marriage.
Bernard's men surprised the Germans.
Berners lived an eccentric life.
Berners started his strange behaviour when he was quite small.
Bernini did not just design the statues.
Bernini died in 1680 in his 82nd year.
Bernini's last work for St. Peter's, 1676, was to decorate of the Chapel of the Sacrament.
Bernstein died of cancer on August 18, 2004.
Berriew has won this competition many times.
Berry, 1983 & 1992, p.60 All his life, Hughes never forgot the lessons that he learned about poor and uneducated African-Americans in the stories that his grandmother told.
Bert moved out of their house in Series 2, as he believed Jean was having an affair with Dominic, a member of their amateur dramatics group who outstripped Bert both in looks and talent.
Beside it is an absinthe spoon.
Besides attending the attorneys' conference, Thompson and Acosta looked for ways in Vegas to explore the theme of the American Dream, which was the basis for the novel's second half, which Thompson referred at the time as "Vegas II".
Besides being a pet and a source of food, in some places people think guinea pigs keep bad spirits away.
Besides, He created much great bossa nova music.
Besides his political activities he was a professor at the Université catholique de Louvain.
Besides light cones, Hawking also talks about how light can bend.
Besides that, another popular hotel in Sungai Petani is the Park Avenue Hotel citation which is about 5 minutes from the South Sungai Petani tol.
Besides the different experiments Hande tackles with music, her looks and image are also going through a constant change which blends with the sort of music she releases at the time.
Besides, the fascist government favored the industrialization of the province to attract Italian immigrants: as a result of this "Italianisation", today 135,000 people (almost a third of the total population) use Italian as mother tongue.
Besiktas is one of the 3 big clubs in Turkey.
Bessie (Revised and Expanded Edition), Yale University Press (New Haven), 2003.
' best known live action movies of that period.
Beta testing is done by groups of users.
Beth then shoots her to death.
Beth wins in the alternate ending.
Betty's status as a "fish out of water" drives much of the plot.
Betty Williams (22 May 1943 17 March 2020) was a Northern Irish peace activist.
Between 1,200 and 740 million years ago, a series of flood basalt eruptions took place.
Between 1326 and 1696 the municipality of Bredevoort repeatedly changed ownership during the eighties years of war.
Between 1763 and 1783 Macaulay wrote her biggest work, The History of England from the Accession of James I to that of the Brunswick Line.
Between 1810 and 1820, Delaware had two U.S. Representatives, but they were elected at-large.
Between 1870 and 1880 the shipping industry grew and work was undertaken to deepen the mouth of the river.
Between 1914 and 1922, the Jiménez-Camprubí spouses translated at least twenty-two of Tagore's books from English into Spanish.
Between 1917 and 1982, Bakerloo line trains continued along the DC line past Harrow & Wealdstone to Watford Junction.
Between 1941 and 1957, he won the World Straight Pool Championship 15 times--more than any other player.
Between 1946 and 1962, she made 44 movies.
Between 1950 and 1965, the new government wanted to make Buru part of Indonesia.
Between 1954 and 1963 he rode professionally and won the first stage of the 1955 Giro d'Italia.
Between 1969 and 1984, the band completed thirteen US tours.
Between 1987 and 1990 he wrote and directed the Sunday afternoon show Domenica in. In 1991, he moved to Fininvest, where he created the show Non è la Rai.
Between 1995 to 1998, he was Chairman of the Commission on Elections.
Between 2012 and 2013, more than 27,000 volunteers (people who are not paid money) worked to make the parks for better for the 25.2 million people who visit every year.
Between 2012 and 2015, he was head of PASOK.
Between 2016 and 2017, Handler hosted the talk show, Chelsea, on Netflix.
Between about 100 and 300 CE, a group of Jewish Bible specialists called the Tannaim copied this Hebrew Bible.
Between climbs, he wrote several books, most notably the Cascade Alpine Guide.
Between me and life: a biography of Romaine Brooks, Garden City, NY: Doubleday.
Between rounds there is a one-minute pause, during which the players change their gear.
Between spring 1942 and November 1944 he was one of the leaders of the subcamp Steyr-Münichholz.
Between the two armories, some 700,000 muskets were produced between 1795 and 1844.
Between the years of 1997 to 2012, astronomers mapped these bursts in the sky, with the help of the robotic satellites Swift and Fermi which looks for gamma-ray bursts and measures their redshifts.
Beugels won a silver medal in the team time trial at the 1966 UCI Road World Championships.
Beust then decided to dismiss Schill as well.
Beverley Owen (born Beverley Ogg; May 13, 1937 February 21, 2019) was an American actress.
Beverly was first settled in 1886.
Beyond that, eaten meat is to be taken from animals that were slaughtered in a specific way.
Béziers was the first place to be attacked.
Bezinski was born in Blagoevgrad.
B. Formation of drops occurs when a mass of liquid is stretched.
Bhagyalakshmi Murmu is his only daughter.
Bhopal has an average elevation of 499 metres (1637 ft).
Biafra opposed Levi's because he believes they use unfair business practices and sweatshop labor.
Biblical series Of Kings and Prophets and as Amaya Jiwe / Vixen and Charlie on The CW superhero series Legends of Tomorrow.
Bicske is also the name of the district seat in the Bicske District.
Biden was re-elected to the Senate six times.
"bielski," "grodziski," "ostrowski" and "tomaszowski" each denote two distinct counties.
Biesheuvel was prime minister from 1971 to 1973.
Biff is the series'
Big companies have a lot of computers, with a lot of private information on them.
Big Diomede belongs to Siberia, Little Diomede is part of Alaska.
Bigfoot Presents: Meteor and the Mighty Monster Trucks is a Canadian–American computer-animated television series that was shown on Discovery Kids in September 23, 2006.
Big Walter Horton died from heart failure in Chicago in 1981 aged 64.
Bijleveld was born in a family, of which the father was in the military.
Bijua confronts them and threatens to kill Ramesh but is tamed by the very pleading words of Geeta.
Bilbao was an industrial city, but today it is a tourist city.
Bill has a bad service provider who limits internet access.
Billington announced his retirement on December 6, 1991 due to years of steroid abuse (which included an incident where he used horse steroids), working a high impact style, and cocaine usage.
Bill Shorten is the former National Secretary of the Australian Workers' Union.
"Billy Graham, an obscure evangelist holding poorly attended tent meetings in Los Angeles.
Billy Martin, American musician (
Binary Phase Shift Keying can be used to send computer data across radio waves quite efficiently.
Biology Bulletin of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Biraaro was born in Isingiro District.
Birdboxes are often put on trees.
Bird's Opening is a chess opening characterised by the move: 1. f4.
Birendra ruled Nepal from 31 January 1972 –1 June 2001 and he was known as one of the most noble and peaceful king of Nepal.
Birth control (like "the Pill") can prevent pregnancy, but won't prevent sexual infections.
Bischoff said that he fired Austin because he refused to do a taping in Atlanta.
Bisharari and Garuda laked are some of the few lakes in Narayani.
Bishop, The Encyclopedia of Weapons of World War II.
Bismuth ions form a dark gray precipitate when reacted with potassium iodide because bismuth(III) iodide was made.
Bisquertt went to a ski race in Winter Park in January 2018 with other people from Chile.
Bits of meat are put into the oil to quickly cook them.
Biz Markie is honored as being the "Clown Prince of Hip Hop".
B-Kids, B-Sports, B-Style, B-Life and B-Select cover second hand baby goods, children wear, sports goods, ladies’ and men’s wear, interior goods, and accessories respectively.
Black Adam is scheduled to be released in the United States on July 29, 2022.
Black Christmas was released on October 11, 1974 in Canada, December 20, 1974 in the United States, and on October 12, 1975 in the United Kingdom.
Black Elderberry contains a unique compound called Antivirin® that can help protect healthy cells and inactivate infectious viruses.
Blackfish being based on Tilikum.
Black Gives Way to Blue was released on September 25, 2009.
Black hole confirmed in Milky Way.
Black holes suck things into their center because its gravity is very strong.
Black Lives Matter got $5 million from one petition alone.
Blackmail is a form of extortion.
Blackpool runs a mix of double-deck and single-deck cars, though there are more single-deck trams in the fleet.
Black powder rocket motors are only made in small sizes.
Black soldiers also were not given the same opportunities as white soldiers.
Black Spring was published in 1936 and Tropic of Capricorn in 1939.
Black tea contains certain substances which cannot be found in common green tea, such as theaflavin.
Blaine Allen and his son live on the colony world of Petrus in the 28th century.
Blainey is married to author Ann Blainey.
Blake and Russell Hoban were awarded the Whitbread Award for Children's Book for How Tom Beat Captain Najork & His Hired Sportsmen.
Blas Infante, Spanish writer and politician (b.
Blattodea refers to a larger group that includes fossil groups related to roaches, but not true cockroaches themselves.
Blender is published by Dennis Publishing.
Blight disappeared on April 3, 2005.
Blizzard warnings and winter storm warnings have been put in action.
Blockbuster", due to his track record of commercially successful, high-grossing movies.
Blood from the lungs goes to the left atrium and ventricle.
Blood pressure is usually lower for children and gets higher as a person gets older.
Bloom manages to defeat Valtor from within, saving the universe.
;Blown spot or botched spot: a spot that does not go as planned.
Blubber is a layer of fat inside the skin of some animals, such as whales and seals.
Bluebeard raises a cutlass to decapitate his wife.
Blue crab on market in Piraeus - Callinectes sapidus Rathbun 20020819-317.
Blue Jeans were influenced by The Ventures.
“Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel”-
Blue tits are very agile and can hang from almost anywhere.
Blue-Zoo is mainly known for producing children's TV series, advertising commercials and short films.
Blunt's first significant role was as Catriona Macroon in the film Whisky Galore! citation and she played the same role in the 1958 follow-up Rockets Galore.
BMW had been one of the strongest supports of KERS.
BNA Records which he later sold to BMG Music.
Boards of Canada's music is part like the warm, analog sounds of 1970s media and contains themes of childhood, nostalgia and the natural world.
Boba Fett quickly killed Bib Fortuna and walked up and sat on the throne with Fennec on his side.
Bob getting burnt has nothing to do with Charles.
Bob insists that it must have nothing to do with their business.
Boca Raton is has the second highest number of people in Palm Beach County.
Bocconi University was founded in 1902 by Ferdinando Bocconi, an Italian politician and business man.
Body and soul of man is at ease, both, who looks at it as well as who lives beneath it.
Body size of Smilodon (Mammalia: Felidae).
Body thetans are believed to be the essence of Xenu's people that gather around humans and cause them spiritual harm.
Boeing does not want to change the cockpit because they want it to be similar to the cockpit on the 737NG.
Boeing had 1,285 orders for the 737 MAX as of May 14, 2013.
Boeing then started making the other types of -200.
Böhm worked there for nine years.
Bokeem Woodbine (born April 13, 1973) is an American actor.
Bokul has short hair and feels comfortable wearing pants and shirts, unlike girls her age who obsess with their beauty.
Bolded numbers indicate league leader.
Bold Player with the fewest goals ever scored against in a season.
Bolton 1999, 176 He supported maintaining strict party control over local policies.
Bomin, is a South Korean singer, actor and host.
Bona Dea, whose festival was held in May.
Bondi Surf Bathers' Life Saving Club was the worlds first livesaving club.
Boniface is a former Commissioner of the Ontario Provincial Police, and was one of 3 female police commissioners in Canada when appointed in May 1998.
Bonjasky became the K-1 World Grand Prix super heavyweight champion three times in 2003, 2004, and 2008.
Bonsai trees are trained to grow into a shape that is pleasing to look at.
Bonus Damage / Bonus Healing - Some items specifically give you 'spell power' which is similar to attack power.
Boodey, the horse of Ismail Mire.
Booklist in 2001 said that "Marillier's virtuosic pacing and vivid, filmic style make this an engaging continuation of one of the last year's best fantasies".
Book, music, and lyrics by Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley.
Book Off chain stores abroad also greet customers with Japanese.
Boost Up: Henry asks the red-haired woman, who we now know is named Ellie, to boost him up.
Booth escaped by jumping from the balcony onto the stage, where he shouted a triumphant line to the audience.
Bootle-Wilbraham worked for Department of Environment as a Parliamentary Under Secretary of State and then to the Department of Health and Social Security in 1987 before that department was split in 1988.
Bootstrap is Will Turner's father.
Bored by the job, she joined the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS) on 11 September 1941.
Børge Ring (17 February 1921 – 27 December 2018) was a Danish screenwriter, director and animator.
Boris sings of his terrible feelings of doubt and agony (because he is guilty of murder).
Born at the Prince's Palace in Monaco, she was the second daughter of Antonio I of Monaco and Marie of Lorraine.
Borromini was very upset with Bernini's joke, which has been there now for more than 300 years.
Borst was born on 12 May 1950 in Schramberg, Germany.
Bors was always loyal to King Arthur, even if it meant risking his own life.
Boruto has a special eye and body mark.
Bose-Einstein condensates and fermionic condensates occur at incredibly low temperatures.
Boss - A Boss is a creature that is not player controlled.
Boston Public Health Commission and the Department of Neighborhood Development will work together to provide support for treatment options and shelters.
"Boston Scientific, Model Farm Road, BALLYGAGGIN, Cork, CORK".
Both 2- and 4-door models were produced at Linden, which was the main assembly plant after the switch from Pontiac, Michigan about 1995.
Both apply to giving the program away or selling it.
Both are fools alike so, Why not dance?"
Both birds incubate the eggs and take care of the young.
Both boys have life-changing events.
Both Brooke and Alexander were astonished by the change in atmosphere when they visited on 19 August, less than a week after Montgomery had taken command.
Both children and adults enjoy arts and crafts.
Both cities are exactly convert from Clay Center.
Both cities' numerous mosques are the destination for large numbers of Muslims on their annual pilgrimage.
Both climates have long, cold winters, and short, mild summers.
Both companies are owned by Georg von Holtzbrinck Publishing Group.
Both contestants play 30-second rounds where they try to get five words from clues given by their celebrity partner.
Both encourage meditation.
Bother parents were from Võrumaa, mother was a farmer and father was a craftsman.
Both feared that if they saw the countries as independent, they could come under the influence of the other western powers.
Both his parents died while he was still young.
Both islands belong to the Cameroon volcanic mountain line.
Both male and female have short, strong, legs that have large black hooves on the end.
Both males and females give off a strong odour during the mating season.
Both Mormonism and Christianity established themselves by reinterpreting a preceding faith.
Both of them became kings of France.
Both of them were thought of as the favourites.
Both of these abjads are written in lines that run from right to left.
Both of these events would make pregnancy more likely to happen.
; both of these kinds of work are classified in the informal sector.
Both organisations have also provided cover for the public when NHS ambulance trust staff have held strikes or walk outs.
Both parents help in raising the young, which are able to fly at around two weeks of age.
Both public and private employees are to work from home, under strict measures.
Both sections of the Hampton National Cemetery are closed to new interments.
Both sister chromatids stay attached to each other at the centromere.
Both stars are at present near the midpoint of their life expectancies.
Both states claim to have the actual grave of Daniel Boone.
Both strokes and heart attacks are general problems which may happen in older people.
Both the changes in the length of the day and the height of the Sun at noon are caused by the tilt of the Earth's spin axis with respect to the plane of the Earth's path around the Sun.
Both these books were extremely well known in their day.
Both the term and the abbreviation should not be used.
Both the top and bottom pancakes are embossed with the McDonald's logo.
Both the United States and the Soviet Union had many problems during the Moon race.
Both they and his mother indulged his early interest in wearing girls' clothing.
Both tried to improve their economies by using slave laborers.
Both usually have a tassel attached to the top.
Both were approved by the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine.
Both were less accurate than rifled cannons.
Both were young men.
Bottomland hardwood forests usually contain bald cypress and water tupelo which are common roosting trees of bottomland bats.
Botvinnik fell two games behind by the end of the first six, played in Moscow.
Bouchard, Constance B., 'Consanguinity and Noble Marriages in the Tenth and Eleventh Centuries', Speculum, Vol. 56, No. 2 (Apr., 1981), pp. 269-70 In 1215 the Church ruled that this could be reduced to four degrees.
Bouguereau was a traditionalist and his style did not change much throughout his painting career.
Boulder routes are called "problems", because this style is like solving climbing-problems.
Boulez was in put in charge of the institute.
Bourbeau was the founding president of the Montreal International Music Competition.
Bourgmont, a fugitive from justice, became a coureur des bois for several years during his early career.
Bowdon is known as "The Friendly City."
Boxer is an ideal character showing loyalty along with his great hard work.
Boyacá also has numerous lakes; the largest, and the largest in Colombia, is the Lake Tota with an area of convert.
Boyer, pp. 799–801 The Vietnam War lasted much longer.
"Boys Will Be Boys" was on the soundtrack of the 2007 movie Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Bozon was inducted into the IIHF Hall of Fame in 2008.
Bozo the Clown format and is also the longest-running in the franchise.
Bozo the Clown is an American children's character that entertained kids throughout the 1950's until 2001.
Bradford Dillman (April 14, 1930 – January 16, 2018) was an American actor and author.
Bradford was taken to the "common house" (the only house that was finished) and they thought he would die that night, but he did not.
Brad is one of the most popular boys in school and is dating a girl to cover up his sexuality because he is ashamed of people knowing.
Bradley and Patton both threatened to resign unless Montgomery's command was changed.
Bradley, K. "The Chronology of Nero's Visit to Greece A.D. 66/67," Latomus 37 (1978), 61–72.
Braille has been extended to an 8 dot code, particularly for use with braille embossers and refreshable braille displays.
"Brandon residents gear up for elections", Winnipeg Free Press, 7 October 1998, A9.
Brandt committed suicide by hanging himself on April 5, 2015 in his home in Coconut Grove, Florida, aged 65. citation citation His publicist reported that he had been suffering from depression.
Brașov can be found in the center of Romania.
Brass breast plate presented to the Aboriginal leader Coborn Jackey of the Burrowmunditory tribe by early settler James White.
Bratz Babyz Save Christmas, originally released in 2008, was re-released in 2013 as Bratz Babyz Save Christmas: The Movie.
Breaking Away is a 1979 American comedy drama movie.
Breeding in this family begins at the start of the rainy season.
Bregoli often shocks her fans with her real age and is rarely seen without makeup.
Brenda Lack Stokes is a native Davisite town and welcomes the world to visit this wonderful place.
Brendon won the public vote and competed against Lawon, the then most recent evictee.
Brennan is currently married to Kathy Pokluda.
Brenner is thought as having pioneered the development of high energy ionizing radiation for polymers to be used for industrial, aerospace, medical, and consumer applications.
Bret struck south-central Texas with winds of convert.
Breuer began to see his patient almost every day as the symptoms increased and became more persistent.
Brewing came to Brick Lane before 1680, with water drawn from deep wells.
Brezhoneg is still spoken in Brittany today.
Brian Boitano were both favorites to win the competition.
Brian McClendon (born 1964) is an American software designer, developer, and engineer.
Brian tries to fly the plane, but it crashes into a lake.
Briaroaks has hot summers and cold winters, and is in a desert region.
Bridgestone makes many other products than tires.
Brig is close to the Swiss-Italian borders.
Brilliance Auto is a major Chinese automobile manufacturer.
Bring documents, money and valuables, and also warm clothing, linen, etc.
Bringing back the Deinocheiridae with Beishanlong and Garudimimus as added extras - 2014.
Bring me my spear!
Brisson mistakenly re-applied the name to the New World birds because of their similarity in appearance.
Bristol City F.C. ground at Ashton Gate during the daytime.
; British Empire countries automatically included.
British Museum.
British Museum Publications, p236.
British Somali Coast Protectorate remained part of the Italian East Africa until March 1941 when the 1st/2nd Punjab Regiment and the 3rd/15th Punjab Regiment returned from Aden to re-occupy the territory.
Brittany Allen (born February 5, 1986 citation ) is a Canadian actress and composer.
Brokaw has received many awards and honors.
Bromates are strong oxidizing agents and are sometimes added to flour.
Brom is a rowdy and boisterous young man.
Bronze is stronger than copper or tin alone.
Brooks' signature film role was as Lulu in G.W. Pabst's Pandora's Box (Die Büchse der Pandora) in 1929.
Brossard was created on February 14, 1958.
Brough Clapp appeared in six singles finals at the U.S. Championships, but won only in 1947.
Brownfield sites are abandoned or not very used industrial and business places available for re-use.
Brown is a color.
Brown, p. 253. She became the first Saiō at Ise.
Brown recluse spiders are afraid of people, and usually if they see one they stand still.
Brown was eliminated from the show on March 17, 2010.
Brown was posthumously awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.
Bruce King (April 6, 1924 – November 13, 2009) was an American businessman and politician.
“Bruised”, Qarrtsiluni Online Literary Magazine, June 2011.
Brüning's first act was to introduce a budget calling for steep spending cuts and sharp tax increases.
Brushes with power.
Brutus was successful against Octavian, and took his camp.
Bryant, p. 31. The tryout, however, was an act held mostly to make powerful Boston City Councilman Isadore Muchnick happy.
BSC YB Frauen in the Women's Nationalliga A and played for the Switzerland national team.
BSMG's content reaches more than one million Baltimore-area readers each week.
B: The top of a convex meniscus.
Bubble" bubble bath, "Glass Wax" glass cleaner and "Snowy Bleach."
Bubbles of carbonic gas will rise to the surface and burst, and make rings two or three feet wide.
Buchanan was said to slap Davis's knuckles every time he started using heavy vibrato.
Bucks can be earned by feeding and taking care of your pet.
Buddha statue, located in the temple's Hall of No Form, is one of Asia's largest Buddha statue.
Buddhism encourages thoughts that have a positive effect.
Buddhists believe that this type of seeing can end pain.
Bud Estes (October 4, 1946 citation – February 13, 2021) was an American politician.
Budva is 2,500 years old, which makes it one of the oldest settlements on the Adriatic coast.
Buffy Summers moved from Los Angeles to Sunnydale for her second year in high school, where she met Rupert Giles, Willow Rosenberg and Xander Harris, where they become known as the Scooby Gang.
Building a practically useful theory of goal setting and task motivation: a 35-year odyssey.
Buildings are for industry and plants for agriculture.
Buildings designed by English architect Charles Holden.
Building work has taken place at the station, like changes to the building, with the more lifts to the platforms.
Built by Sostratus of Cnidus for Ptolemy II of Egypt, it is one of the seven wonders of the ancient world.
Built c. 1720 by Arp Schnitger and his son Franz Caspar.
Built in 1864 to honor the 250th anniversary of John Smith's visit to what he named Smith's Isles.
Bujor was born in Singureni, Rîșcani.
Bulgarian folk dancers in a national costume.
Bulletin of the British Arachnological Society.
Bulletin of the Institute of National Remembrance, no.
Bullfrogs will become sexually active after 2–4 years of becoming a frog.
Bullying and double tagging is known to happen in the show.
Bullying happens to people of all ages.
Bullying includes when people see what happens, but they don't do anything about it.
Bulworth is tired of politics.
Bunch types grow upright, while runner types grow near the ground.
Bunker Hill has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
Burghclere Primary School uses it for their Easter, Harvest and Christmas services.
Burke died on March 7, 1968.
Burn Notice is an American television series created by Matt Nix, which originally aired on the USA Network from June 28, 2007, to September 12, 2013.
Burns covered more than half of his body.
Burnside died at St. Francis Hospital on September 1, 2005 at 78 years old.
Burns is a part of Peabody-Burns USD 398 public school district.
Burns started a band, Steve Burns and the Struggle, and completed his second album, Deep Sea Recovery Efforts, which was released in 2009.
Burroughs was a member of the family who owned the Burroughs Cash Register Company.
Burrow was known for many years as "the smallest player in Super League".
Burton and Jon knew the woman were probably working against them, and to his surprise, Burton was voted off at the following tribal council, leaving Jon struggling to try to win back the women's'
Bush appointed him as United States Attorney for New Jersey, a position he held from 2002 to 2008.
Bush tried to do many things to stop another terrorist attack from happening.
Bushwalking is also popular in the remote parts of the peninsula.
Bush was born at NewYork–Presbyterian Queens in Flushing, Queens on New York.
Businesses pay the Jobseeker money to their staff, instead of their usual wages.
Business is great.
Buster started swimming as a very young boy.
Bustling, lively music identifies the village square.
But Aethelbald was not a supporter of the Church.
But a few days after their arrival Edward was killed.
But after that no serious effort was done to make a maithil melodrama.
But Ahab probably saw that Micaiah was not being serious, and he said, ".
But also, when someone puts themselves above others, they cannot get the recognition they need from those people anymore.
But a new law that Jewish children could only go to a Jewish school made them move to a Jewish school.
But a rumour says that the real princess was floated away in a casket, and that Mashiro was just a replacement for not finding the real princess.
But as Sheridan Morley perceptively remarked in 2000, when reviewing Cressida: ‘Gambon's eccentricity on stage now begins to rival that of his great mentor Richardson’.
But, as time goes by, mankind eventually questions and begins to resist against their creators, to the ire of the Olympians.
But at both the Italian and Singapore Grands Prix, he retired from the race.
But at least this reconstruction of the animal can plausibly walk, and the spines serve a reasonable purpose.
But at present time Mr. Rajeshwar Singh is the Principal of this school.
But at the same time people say that Hurrem was a selfish, manipulative and angry woman who would kill anyone who stood in her way.
But because he published free-thinking books, Islamist fundamentalists killed him.
But because the race was not difficult enough for the new ProTourthe race organisers asked the organisers of the Tour of Belgium and the Tour de Luxembourg.
But by 1952, the Country Squire was no longer a true woodie.
But by the 20th century Mongolia was poor.
Butcher, page 263 This band still tours the United States.
But Chicken ran away luckily.
But circumstances prevailed to struck within Sagar Dutta's place.
But Coleman wanted to do something more with her life.
But Dumas proved his skill as a military leader, defeating the Austrians several times, who nicknamed him ‘the Black Devil’.
But during the Rmakpon reign (from 12th century to 1840 A.D.) they invaded Ladakh and Tibet many times.
But even then, temperatures were still 91°F.
But factories demanded that people work hard jobs for long hours.
But Frank and the other men decide to go clear out the shantytown, where former slaves and criminals lived after the war because they had no homes to return to and no way to feed themselves.
But he did not engage them.
But he ends up being killed by Emporio, with the universe rebooted once more.
But he got better before being sent back to the Philippians.
But he loves Cecilia and hopes to marry her when his wife dies.
But her father often punishes her.
But Her true form is unknown, and beyond human understanding.
But he was injured so Farooq advanced.
But his father, a language teacher, regarded his son's work as unrealistic.
But I damn sure can add to the match.
But if a person has a defective repair gene, the DNA is not repaired.
But if only 1% of your emails were spam and 80% of the emojis were spam, that's different than if half your emails are spam and 80% of emoji emails were spam.
But if the pressure on one side of the surface differs from pressure on the other side, the pressure difference times surface area results in a normal force.
But if there is too much, it makes the iron weaker.
But if the word “Wagamama” is divided into syllables there are four syllables (blocks of sound): Wa-ga-ma-ma.
But if you have houses or a hotel on the street, you must sell all of them back to the Bank before you can do so.
But if you put a positive charge and a negative charge close together, they would pull towards each other.
But in 1973, it became clear that Agnew had been very corrupt in his career as governor and was facing several felony charges.
But in December, Washington and his men decided to cross.
But in electric resistance if the direction is opposite of the current's direction, this electric resistance adds to the electromotive force.
But in fact, HDTV programs are not spread widely yet, and the cheaper price of SDTV makes consumers to use SDTV.
But in other species, hosts do not reject the foreign egg.
But instead, they went to the coach's house, where the coach had sex with the boys, and made the boys have sex with each other.
But, in the Panic of 1837, the family suffered great losses.
But in the treaty of 945 there were some South Slavonic names.
But it can become a serious problem if it signals a major problem with the heart.
But it is not part of Brandenburg.
But it was still an important base of supply for the Union.
But Ivy City had suffered a lot from the railroad industry's decades-long downturn.
But I was here in New York City, I had money and I couldn't buy any clothes.
But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China).
But leaves when Bijua and Babu enter the car.
But Lee did agree with other Southerners thinking that blacks were inferior.
Butler was born in Ohio and went to Hebrew school.
But look what he done.
But many kinds of pain also need medicines to feel better.
But more often, artists make erotic art for people who would like to buy it.
But most landing zones (LZ) were far from ideal.
But most often the term is associated with the United States Congress.
But Muhlenberg as the Speaker was the first member to be sworn in. Muhlenberg, Hartley and Thatcher were among the 13 members who attended the initial meeting of the House on March 4, 1789.
But my family and friends have known for like three years.
But, Nixon was worried that these other men might have trouble getting approved by Congress.
' but not quite the same.
But now, AKB48 has so many fans that it is not possible to go to the theater every day.
But on reaching the hire altitudes near Coonoor, he recovered and got his strength back.
But other people think it is good that a lot of people want to live in the county because then the county will make more money from taxes.
But Pelorat thinks that it may exist on the planet known as Earth.
But plantations also grew corn, rice, sugarcane and tobacco.
But, Poland had a leading role.
But, rightfully Thapa Kshetris served the nation vigorously to rise through the ranks.
But she decided to confront with her father-in-law Heungseon Daewongun, because of the heir problem.
But she left her husband and son in 1910.
But she wasn’t really interested in the things that she was learning.
But she was "sheer guile, not to be withstood by men."
But sometimes they can be quite complex, especially in country areas (e.g. 2570 belongs to twenty-two towns and suburbs around Camden, New South Wales).
But soon he developed his own style.
But soon, he got back to work.
But soon Koly finds out that Hari has tuberculosis and he will die very soon.
But soon the entire world is at stake, thus leading to a prologue in this story of destruction and creation.
But subways and tourist trains by Korail are not covered.
But tatamiberi was used to show status.
Butte is home to Montana Technological University.
Butterfield (1884). p. 1164 Another depot was built in 1909.
But that definition only works here on Earth.
But that same year, the name of the province was changed to La Altagracia.
But the Americans continued the practice up to the end of the war.
But the commercial core has grown into adjacent community areas.
But the company continued to grow, and it centralised in Alice Springs.
But the cost of school was too much for her parents.
But the damage in Dominican Republic is unknown.
; but the date is unknown.
But the ending is not happy for everyone.
But, the firing squad shoot Cavaradossi.
But The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is not a spin-off of All in the Family because the show was not made from something in All in the Family.
But the king of Chosun, Gwang Hae Gun also rejected it and issued an order that banned Japanese not to come-and-go the Ulleungdo.
But the next day Faramir lets the hobbits leave, because he also believes that the One Ring has to be destroyed.
But then Italy changed the side of the Entente Powers because they had promised land across the Adriatic sea.
But then RfAs started attracting groups of editors who all supported one another.
But there is no way to know (without complex mathematics) whether the tangent is exactly right, and our eyes are not accurate enough to be certain whether it is exact or simply very close.
But there's no worth in it anymore, so he puts it out to give away.
But the restaurants in most countries have some common products.
But there was a problem with the telescope that was not discovered until it started taking pictures.
But there was constant fighting between two groups called the Ghibellines and the Guelphs.
But there was not much gold in the region and the fort was soon left without people.
But the Robert Bruce saw this as a mistake.
; but these sub-branches are very close together.
But the story that appeared in the AP wire read: "Booker T. Washington, of Tuskegee, Alabala, dined with the President last evening."
But the summers are short, as there are no more than three months of the year with an average temperature of at least 10 °C (50 °F).
But the term is used in studies of zoological populations 'epizoology', and plant populations.
But the Yakuts lost because they did not have guns.
But they are also capable of having long-term plans which are more difficult to understand.
But they are not part of the phone number.
But they could not pass on what they had learned to Enterprise and Hornet which were ordered to launch the first strike.
But they didn't see anyone.
But they quickly found themselves surrounded by Union troops who did not know Stuart's men were there.
But they won only a fraction of what they said Kodak's action had cost them, citation and Land went out of business in 2001.
But this does not account for the difference in number of students in each class, so the value of 85 does not reflect the average student grade (independent of class).
But, this synagogue is old, and no one used it for long.
Buttice played for most of his career in clubs of Argentina, Brazil and Chile.
But unfortunately, this was to be another failure for Leonardo.
But we said it was true.
But what was it?
But when a relative key is on the opposite side of the circle from its home key, then in theory modulating to that key would involve adding so many sharps or flats that double-sharps and double-flats would have to be written in the key signature.
But when Burgess died, he had grown rich.
But when Raghuvaran proposed this idea to the courtiers, they threw him out.
But when she plans one night to go see him, Edward has disabled her truck so she cannot go.
But when those breeds mixed, it made a more distinct mackerel tabby coat.
But, when workers started mining in the quarry they pulled slate from the "Broad Vein" section.
But William took control of England with his army before Edgar could be crowned.
But, with code from the G.N.U. system available for free, he decided it would be good for Linux if it could use that code, instead of code from MINIX, because MINIX did not let people share or change it how they wanted.
But with the base set to explode, they must escape.
But women were also lynched.
But you know what ruined that movie?
But Yumi had a more powerful weapon.
Bu Xiaolin (Zh) is a Chinese female politician.
Buxton arranged for a letter to appear in a tennis magazine.
Buzek got Doctorates honoris causa from the University of Dortmund, the University of Seoul, the University of Isparta and also from the Technical Universities of Opole and Silesia.
Buzzer steals the petrol cap for "funsies".
B, was made to spam Microsoft.
By 1200 BC the power of Mycenae was declining.
" by 13 spaces.
By 14:20, the aircraft ready to launch against the Port Moresby Invasion Force or Gotō's cruisers.
By 1530, the heralds wanted successful candidates for a grant of arms to have £300 or rent from land of £10 a year.
By 15 December 2003, it had 1,000 articles.
By 1813 he took great interest in the flora and natural vegetation of India.
By 1835 the population was about 12. citation The Nicoleños were taken off the island in the 1835 by the members of the California mission system.
By 1850 Carcoar was the second biggest town west of the mountains.
By 1887, he returned to playing in the majors for the Orioles.
By 1907–08 Hobbs was playing Test cricket for England.
By 1915–16, there were 1,724 students and 163 faculty.
By 1922, Lloyd George's coalition was breaking apart.
By 1923, when the movie was remade, Simpson had progressed to playing the lead villain.
By 1929 the majority of houses in America had electricity and 70 per cent of them used it for lighting purposes.
By 1941, much of Europe was under German control, including France.
By 1945 some weapons were made almost entirely by women.
By 1952, Mr. Nuemeyer became ill and stepped down.
By 1974, Ferruccio had become disenchanted with his car business.
By 1979, it had 39 printing branches worldwide.
By 1979 the stadium had a capacity of 28,392 with seats for 12,675.
By 1980, it had 200 beds. citation It has won many awards for good quality care and service.
By 1991 Leningrad had changed its name again to Saint Petersburg, so the orchestra was renamed Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra.
By 2000 and the end of the Third AES Conference, the NIST selected Rijndael for the AES proposal.
By 2008, Dunham's characters had crossed language barriers, with his specials dubbed for audiences in various countries such as France, and Dunham attracting requests for performances in South Africa, Australia, Norway, Denmark, China and the Middle East.
By 25 June, more than two and a half million people signed the petition.
By 2 December, the soldiers were killing about 100 emus per week.
By 7 September, most of Kawaguchi's troops began marching towards Lunga Point along the coastline.
By about 500 ACE, knowledge about preserving bodies had spread from ancient cultures, and embalming became much more common in Europe.
" by a contemporary art critic, referring to its use of arbitrary combinations of bright colors and energetic brushwork to structure the composition".
By adding small amounts of carbon to iron, they found that they could make a particularly useful alloy – steel.
By August 2011, Citadel ended its foray into investment banking to instead focus on electronic trading and market making.
By August 2012, there were only two.
By August 2017, there were 455,000 net reservations, and an average of 1,800 reservations were being added per day.
By August 2019, Microsoft (and others) had ended support for games on Windows XP.
By a vote of 6,226 to 569, on December 21, the Constitution With Slavery option won.
By being able to appoint the President, rather than having the people elect a President, many felt that too much power was being given to Parliament with no check or balance on that power.
By combining several existing names, Nam Việt, Annam (Pacified South), Đại Việt (Great Việt), and "Nam quốc" (southern nation), Khiêm could create a new name that referred to an aspirational unified state.
By constant retelling they have become confused and created an ideal picture of a big national hero.
By curling into a ball and spinning quickly, he can do a helpful "Spin Attack" which he uses to defeat the villains and save the day.
By December 1964, texture and pattern had begun to emerge, giving each building a distinct character.
By deciding on a set of steps to sort the cards, the scientist has created an algorithm.
By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes from a nation have won (in this context, a "nation" is an entity represented by a National Olympic Committee).
By definition decisions of lower courts are not binding on each other or any courts higher in the system, nor are appeals court decisions binding on each other or on local courts that fall under a different appeals court.
; by definition expressed per one troy ounce, as compared to "1 USD") and certain other entities used in international finance, e.g. Special Drawing Rights.
By destroying an enemy's supplies, it hurts their ability to fight.
By early 1946, only the dolphin structure was left.
By-elections are elections for just some members.
Byers, Frequently Asked Questions about Puberty, p. 32. The uterus then starts preparing for another ovum.
By far Gomes's most successful work and his only opera still regularly performed.
By harnessing and embodying the five forces of Shakti, the female deity that represents creativity and change, Tantric Yoga suggests we can move through the world with more confidence and contentment.
By influencing the victim subconsciously, the invader abuses typical human behavior like helpfulness in emergency situations or to respond with help to the seemingly helpful attacker.
" by Infobaja newspaper.
By January 2005 the 3,500 people came to the festival.
By January 2008, Stage6 had a total of 10.7 million views.
By January 2010, the company delivered the first version of its cloud-based platform, iPass Open Mobile.
By June 2008 unemployment had declined to 1.1%, before rising to 3.4% in early 2009.
By late afternoon, the fire had burnt out convert and killed several people.
By looking at all these factors in a diagram, a chemist can figure out what compounds are in his or her sample, and they can determine if the compound they have made is pure.
By modern standards, Archaeopteryx could not fly very well.
By playing the story part, the player earns new weapons and other things to use in the multiplayer part.
By seeing Peter Rabbit and his animal friends taking refuge inside the house, Thomas kicks them out until he builds the walls of the garden.
By September 1862, Miles had 14,000 men at Harpers Ferry.
By shuffling along in the opposite direction to that bright spot, the microbe moves towards the light".
By studying the color shifts in the light from the supernova from Earth, they discovered that these billion-year old nova were still accelerating.
By the 16th century the king replaced the pope as supreme authority over the French church.
By the 1750s large slaving companies were established.
By the 1840s, with no state laws requiring militia service in many states, the militias were replaced by voluneteer groups who served on weekends and provided their own weapons.
By the 18th century it had been cut back somewhat, but was still very much larger than the Persia of today.
By the 1900s, Arab slave traders had taken between 10 and 20 million slaves out of Africa.
By the beginning of the 20th century, Russian influence was increasing in China.
By the close of 1868, Mussorgsky had already started two operas, but never finished them These were Salammbô and Marriage, which was influenced by Alexander Dargomyzhsky's opera The Stone Guest.
By the early 1980s a number of homes stood empty and nearly all of the uranium mines had closed.
By the end of 1998, Sara Tavares started working on her new album.
By the end of 2001, when Ashcroft got involved, 150 people had gotten prescriptions under the Death with Dignity Act.
By the end of February, the regiment had been rearmed with the new Enfield rifle.
By the end of his career in 1974, he received 33 decorations and distinctions.
By the end of his tour of duty there, Höss was in charge of prisoners' belongings.
By the end of June 2016, this most retweeted tweet of all time got more than 1,000,000 interactions.
By the end of the 7th century the Ionian cities had achieved great prosperity through their trading enterprises, their colonization efforts, and their manufacture of ceramics, textiles, and metalware.
By the end of the season, the opinion of the critics had changed again and had become more positive.
By the end of the war about 230,000 had been produced.
By the end of the year a total of one hundred and forty Hunchak leaders were arrested.
By the evening of 10 July the seven Allied divisions were ashore and the port of Syracuse had been captured.
By the late 1850s, Tennessee, a slave-state, was dominated by Democrats.
By the late 1890s, the popularity of poster art declined and Rhead turned his skills to book illustration.
By the mid-1930s, Rogers was loved by the American people, and was the highest-paid movie star in Hollywood at the time.
By the time Miller graduated from high school in 1921, he had decided to become a professional musician.
By the time of his retirement, he was the world's longest-serving foreign minister.
By the time of the new series, it is unclear whether any of the Master's TARDISes still exist.
By the time the band had stopped playing together, their music was no longer punk rock and had changed to alternative rock.
By the time the remaining soldiers had come back from Norway, Russia had completely conquered Finland.
By The United Provinces of the South.
By the year 1000 it had spread all over Europe.
By this he became the only president of India to serve two full terms.
By this stick would have grown a great tree, where today is the zero mark of Curitiba.
By this time Dürer's engravings were very popular and were being copied.
By this time, her husband became United States Secretary of Commerce.
By this time most of the workers at Cambodia's 500 factories were on strike.
By this time Walther had became very famous, not just as a poet and musician but as a kind of political adviser.
By those words he meant a mind that could not be knocked around by being hit from the outside.
By volume, the two largest Cascade volcanoes are the broad shields of Medicine Lake Volcano and Newberry Volcano, which are about 145 mi³ (600 km³) and 108 mi³ (450 km³) respectively.
By war's end, the Union had captured or destroyed 1500 blockade runners.
By winning the 2005 US Open title, Hantuchová completed the mixed doubles Career Grand Slam.
Cabot High School is administered by the Cabot Public School District, which covers Cabot, Austin, Ward, and northern Lonoke County.
Cacus stole some of the animals.
CAD/CAM software uses CAD drawing tools to describe geometries used by the CAM portion of the program to define a toolpath that will direct the motion of a machine tool to machine the exact shape that was drawn.
Cadigan sold her first professional science fiction story in 1980.
Cadmium chloride is a colorless solid.
Cadmium is a highly toxic metal.
Cadmium nitrate is used for colouring glass and porcelain.
Cadmium sulfide is made several different ways.
Caernarfon has one twin town.
Caesar proposed a law for the redistribution of public lands to the poor, a proposal supported by Pompey, by force of arms if need be, and by Crassus, making the triumvirate public.
Caesar was a significant author.
'Cainozoic' may be spelled 'Cenozoic'.
Cain started working in politics in 1994.
Cairo: American University in Cairo Press, 2011, pp. 111–127.
Calc also supports a wide range of other file formats, for both opening and saving files.
Calcium permanganate can be used as a rocket propellant.
Calculating the private key from the public key is very difficult.
California Department of Finance.
California has more people than any other state in the United States.
Caliphs were not thought of as having the same prophetic power as Muhammid did.
Callan Ryan Claude McAuliffe (born 24 January 1995) is an Australian actor.
" called Equestria Girls was used for an ad by The Hub for the show, which has lyrics that also say the word "brony".
Calum Worthy (born January 28, 1991) is a Canadian actor, writer, and producer.
Camberwick Green, Trumpton, and Chigley, known as the Trumptonshire Trilogy, were all made by the company he set up.
Cambridge University Press on behalf of School of Oriental and African Studies.
Camels survive in hot deserts by storing water in body fat in their humps.
Cameron's wife Noble also starred in these movies, citation playing Hattie Durham.
' campaign in his successful battle end the enforce its rulings and end Jim Crow in public transportation.
Campbell did not mention Bass in either 1803, or in 1805 when he captured a Spanish ship.
Campbell was also the 41st mayor of Vancouver.
Camping the Dirty Dozens: The Queer Resources of Black Nationalist Invective.
Campos was born in Cuiabá.
Campoy was divorced two times.
Camp was chairman of the House Committee on Ways and Means from 2011 to 2015.
Canada has won at least one medal at every Olympics.
Canadian Journal of Civil Engineering.
Canadian versions of the albums have a maple leaf shaped seal on the cover.
Canal+ Family has an African version, on channel 6 from Canal+ Afrique.
" can be mixed to make other colours.
Candidate for Crime which was directed by her father.
Candidates included former president Emilio Aguinaldo, the Philippine Independent Church leader Gregorio Aglipay, and others.
Candida yeasts are common in most people.
Canfield was born and raised in Rochester.
Canister was a short range weapon usually effective at up to convert.
Cannibalism by the Tupí decreased after European contact and religious intervention.
Cannon was re-elected for multiple terms in 1953 and 1957.
Canoes are known as "Paddle boats" in some small towns in the south of Australia.
Cantrell has represented District B on the New Orleans City Council.
Caonabo in aboriginal language means "gran señor de la tierra or Great Lord of the Earth".
Capitals are usually among the largest cities in their regions and often are the biggest.
Capitani died on 14 February 2014 in his hometown of Rome.
Cappi Sulla Piazza di St. Michele No. 5. (In English, "Sonata, almost a fantasia for harpsichord or pianoforte.
Cappy uses the piece to look like Mario's old cap.
Capsules should usually be taken whole.
Captain Cook saw the Aboriginal people with their simple way of life.
Captain Moonlight, and gang member, Rogan, were hanged on January 20, 1880.
Caramel coloring is a dark bitter-tasting liquid.
Carbon fibre is the ideal material for the bodywork of Formula One cars, as it is light and strong.
Cardamom has a strong taste and an intense smell.
Cardiff Central will have a new two-storey southern entrance and ticket hall.
Cardiff International Airport is the only large airport in Wales.
Cardinal Borgia was elected pope on August 11, 1492; and he took the name of Alexander VI.
Cardinal Hildebrand was elected pope on April 22, 1073; and he chose to be called Gregory.
Cards are dealt in succession, and bets placed for each hand.
Cards were misused by a number of people, including Blesa himself, during the many years he was chairman of Caja Madrid.
Carduelis lawrencei was named for him by Cassin.
Carey approached Johns Hopkins with a proposal to start a business school in the 1950s, but the college was not interested.
Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico.
Carla Alcorn deleted the post.
Carla Alcorn went onto CNN and said that "we loved him unconditionally.
Carla killed 43 people, 31 of them in Texas.
Carl Eduard, the last reigning duke had his British titles taken away for supporting Germany in World War I. He died in 1954.
Carlin married Brenda Hosbrook on June 3, 1961, together they have a daughter named Kelly.
Carl soon learned to play the violin and joined in with his father’s band.
Carnatic music is completely religious.
Carnavalito (Children's Carnival) began in 1966, as a copy of the adults' carnival, originally with little floats, accompanied by child musicians and dancing girls.
Carnival can sometimes last for several weeks.
Carnivorous plants are often found in bogs.
Carole Stewart Keeton (born September 13, 1939), formerly known as Carole Keeton McClellan, Carole Keeton Rylander and Carole Keeton Strayhorn, is an American politician.
Caroline was born on March 16, 1750 in Hanover, Germany.
Carpediem is Pitar's closest friend.
Carpenter and Tidwell (2005) accepted Hatcher's argument that there is only one species of sauropod dinosaur known from the Arundel Formation and that Astrodon johnstoni is it.
Carpentier always said he was Cuban.
Carpentier had parts of Latin American political history, music, social injustice and art in his writings.
Carpets are warmer and softer than hard floors such as hardwood, tile, or concrete.
Car rental is when you rent a car.
Carroll scored his first senior goal for England on 29 March 2011.
Carrossea disappears, and Margaret is captured by Monday who intends to use her abilities to advance his own plans.
Carrying the mattress on the Sabbath was against religious custom, so the religious leaders argued with Jesus about it.
Carshalton Beeches station opened on the 1st October 1906.
Cars may be loaded onto the trains as freight.
Carson made his will on May 15, 1868 at Fort Lyon, and named Thomas Boggs his administrator.
Carson's fame spread throughout the United States with government reports, dime novels, newspaper accounts, and word of mouth.
Cartagena was founded by the Carthaginese as "Qart Hadasht" and the name means New City.
Carter later called the assassination "the greatest blow that I had suffered since my father died".
Carthage lost when Romans invaded Africa.
Carthage stayed a very rich and powerful city for 600 years.
Cases must first be decided by a federal District Court and a federal Court of Appeals or by a state supreme court.
Castles were sometimes repaired after they were slighted, while others were abandoned.
Castro is known as one of the most well known Hispanic pop singers of the last three decades.
Catalan galley sailing a long.
Catasetum, a genus discussed briefly by Darwin, actually launches its sticky pollinia with explosive force when an insect touches a seta (hair), knocking the pollinator off the flower.
Cathedral Square is the site of Christchurch Cathedral.
Catherine died on 3 January 1437, shortly after childbirth, in London.
Catherine Helen Spence was an activist for many humans' rights.
Catholics interpret the Bible (God-given book) according to Tradition.
Catholic spirituality often involves the use of statues and other artistic representations, candles, incense, and other physical items as reminders or aids to prayer.
Catholics who are sorry for their sins are allowed to take part in Communion.
Cathy Hartley, Historical Dictionary of British Women (London; New York: Europa Publications, 2003), p. 239 By 1324 Edward had given all her lands to Despenser.
Cats were thought of as smart, lucky animals.
Cattle that are 4~5 years old can get the disease very easily.
Catwoman kisses Max with an electrical taser between their lips and connects it to a broken wire, creating an explosion which kills Max but Batman cannot find Selina's corpse.
Catwoman rejects Penguin's advances, prompting him to kill her, unsuccessfully though.
Causes can be divided into two as primary and secondary causes.
Cavaillé-Coll grouped the stops of the organ into different families, so that the result was similar to the families of instruments in an orchestra.
Cavalli comes from their sponsors.
Cavendish's breakthrough came at the Grote Scheldeprijs race in Belgium, which he won overall after failing to even finish any of his previous races.
Cayenne has an equatorial climate (
Cazorla, Frank (2019) The Governor Louis de Unzaga (1717-1793) Precursor in the birth of the United States and in liberalism.
C." because their name has a sexual meaning.
CBS did this so people would know before the show started if they were going to be offended by what was on the show.
Cebu City is its regional center.
Cecilia, shocked at how mean Mr. Harrel is, wants to go stay with another guardian.
Celebrían was captured by orcs, but she was rescued by her sons.
Cell growth (or interphase) is shorthand for the idea of "growth in cell populations" by means of cell reproduction.
Cells called archaeocytes found in the mesohyl are amebocytes (cells capable of movement) that can transform into other sponge cell types.
Cells in the L1 and L2 layers divide in a sideways fashion, which keeps these layers distinct, whereas the L3 layer divides in a more random fashion.
Celluloid, which is an early form of plastic, was invented by a man named John Wesley Hyatt in 1868.
Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism (CR) started in the 1980s, when people interested in the Celts and in Paganism were looking for an authentic religion.
Cenote water is often very clear, as the water comes from rain water infiltrating slowly through the ground.
Centennial Park was made in 1954 for Lawrence's 100th birthday.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, n.d. Web.
Central America is an area of some 524,000 square kilometres.
Central State Archive of the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic, Fund No. 1002.
Centrex Metals Ltd is the project proponent.
Cerri is currently considered the most authoritative Italian guitarist in the jazz field, and his innate sympathy has meant that many viewers, seeing its shares on TV (especially in the 60s), come close to jazz, and studying guitar.
Certain color scheme generators help graphic designers see color schemes as eight types of color blind people see them.
Certainly multiple petticoats were not needed for the narrow skirts and dresses which were fashionable.
Certain models may support different versions of USB, while others may not.
Certain people prefer sheepskin condoms over latex ones, because sheepskin condoms can transfer body warmth better.
Certain species of Demodex mites feed on sebum and are commonly found in the sebaceous glands of mammals, including those of humans.
Ceviche is the most famous plate in Peru.
Chad at the Olympics is a history which includes 11 games in 10 countries and 20+ athletes.
Chairwoman Sheila Bair in the Republican primary.
Chalara fraxinea sp. nov. associated with dieback of ash (Fraxinus excelsior) in Poland.
Chalo Chatu was launched on June 1, 2016.
Chamberlain visited South Africa to try to help make a better relationship between the two countries.
Championships is organized by the Asian Taekwondo Union.
Championship, WBC & WBA (Super) Welterweight Championships and WBC, WBA (Super) & The Ring Light Middleweight Championships.
Chandler, J.A. Comparative Public Administration.
Chand's autobiography, Goal!, was published by Sport & Pastime, Madras in 1952.
Chand was again selected without tryout for the 1936 Olympic team. citation India defeated Germany 8-1 in the final for the gold medal.
Change in one area of happiness, such as at work, does not always mean change in another area of happiness, such as in marriage.
Changing the names of items from Japanese items to American items is also often done.
Changing who owns a house will often need a document approving.
Chang lives at Shangri-La and speaks English.
Chang Tzu thought that men should distance themselves from the traditional prestige and honor of worldly life.
Channel 33 began using its newly constructed 30 kW transmitter tower station located in Antipolo, while retaining the Ortigas Center studios as its master control facility.
Channels internationals on satellite.
Chaplin had first been chosen for both "Best Actor" and "Best Comedy Directing".
Chaplin hoped that people would remember him for this movie.
Chapman was well known by his nickname "Tonka".
Chapter 31, p183 et seq: The most freaky of all mammals: rabbits.
Chapter 3 The scientific legacy of antiquity, in Dijksterhuis E.J. 1961.
Chapter 4 pages 74-90 of Mesozoic Mammals: the first two-thirds of mammalian history, edited by Jason A. Lillegraven, Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska and William A. Clemens.
Chapter 4 Transparency and silvering, in Avoiding attack: the evolutionary ecology of crypsis, warning signals & mimicry.
Chapter VIII sets out how the Constitution can be changed.
Characteristic Vionnet styles included the handkerchief dress, cowl neck, and halter top.
Characters have their own items/special abilities.
Charizard are violent yet honorable creatures, flying proudly around the sky and always looking for powerful enemies to fight with.
Charla R. Pfeffinger; Suzanne I. Barchers, Multi-Grade Readers Theatre: Stories about Short Story and Book Authors (Santa Barbara, CA: Libraries Unlimited, 2011), p. 129 This book is the first in a series of children's books by Hugh Lofting.
Charlemagne lived and was buried in Aachen.
Charles Cecil was the director and designer of the game, Tony Warriner and David Sykes were the designer-programmers, and Noirin Carmody was the commercial director.
Charles died in 2004 from liver failure.
Charles Edward Bradley (November 5, 1948 – September 23, 2017) was an American funk/soul/R&B singer, signed to the Daptone Records label under the Dunham Records division.
Charles gave him the title Duke of Monmouth.
Charles Goodyear, the man who invented vulcanized rubber, first made it in Springfield.
Charles Gordon (May 13, 1947 – October 31, 2020) was an American movie producer.
Charles Gough rediscovered the island on 3 March 1732.
Charles had no choice but to agree.
Charles had several sons, but only one survived him.
"Charles Moore and the Plan of Washington."
Charles VII was later crowned as king of France, son of Charles VI starting a small line of disputed monarchs and the English, later British monarch claiming the throne of France for another 350 years.
Charles Wallace tries to fight IT with his exceptional intelligence but is overpowered by the evil and becomes a robot-like creature mouthing the words with which IT infuses him.
Charlie Hebdo is an antireligious left-wing newspaper.
Charlotte has many different kinds of weather throughout the year.
Charmed by Ratan, Nabakumar agrees to this marriage as Ratan falsely informs them that Chandana's legitimate husband is dead.
Chase & Status have had three number one tracks on the UK Dance Chart in 2007 with the double A-side "Hurt You"/"Sell Me Your Soul", and in 2008 with "Take Me Away"/"Judgement (Informer)".
Chaucer does not say much about the big story and most of the writing is about the stories told by the pilgrims.
Chauvin put his knee on Floyd's neck for nearly nine minutes while Floyd was gasping for breath.
Chavan was an active participant in the struggle for independence of India.
Chaves was the daughter of actress Awilda Carbia.
Check and (Historical Dictionary of Switzerland) or (redirect to the same; from the German title Historisches Lexikon der Schweiz).
Checking someone seemingly infinitely, forcing a draw by checking someone indefinitely with no way of avoiding the checks.
Checkmates are rare in competitive chess.
Cheetahs are frequently reported to descend from higher hills of Murree during snowfall.
Cheletropic reactions confirm the conservation of molecular orbital symmetry.
Chellah was a significant ancient port city with remains including the Decumanus Maximus, or principal roadway, as well as a forum, a monumental fountain, a triumphal arch, and other Roman ruins.
Chelsea is a diverse working-class community.
Chelsea Phillips-Carr of Scene Creek scored the film a 2/5, and said "Gradually, The Nun loses interest in being a horror film".
Chemical evolution and the origin of life. transl.
Chemists consider hard ionization to be shooting electrons into the sample molecules.
Chemogenesis web book.
Chengalpattu is one of the 38 districts in Tamil Nadu.
Cheng gazes at Lucy’s youthful face which, in spite of the circumstances, beams with innocence.
Chennai Express is a 2013 romantic action comedy movie.
Chennai got the third place as they had the better net run rate of the four teams which finished on 14 points.
Chen Yu, who was the Governor of Guangdong from 1957 to 1967, first had an idea for a metro system in Guangzhou.
Cherry-Lassiter said Brown then drove away, while the deputies continued shooting at him, with Brown ultimately crashing the vehicle into a nearby tree.
Chervy died on 12 February 2021, aged 83.
Chesney received his first guitar, "The Terminor," for Christmas and began teaching himself to play.
Chess is an easy game to learn the moves, but a difficult game to master.
Chevening House estate, in Kent is an example.
Chewing gums often comes in sticks wrapped in foil.
Chhetan Gurung (Nepali: छेतन गुरुङ; 5 February 1979 9 September 2020) was a Nepalese movie director and writer.
Chicago is also the spot for the Midwest network of Megabus.
Chicago is a major world financial center.
Chicago's "L" has 24-hour service on some portions of its network.
Chicken, duck and goose are debatable and allowance is regionally dependent.
Chicken George's granddaughter Cynthia marries Will Palmer and they become Alex Haley's grandparents.
Chieftains into Ancestors: Imperial Expansion and Indigenous Society in, eds.
Childhood periodic syndromes are a group of migraine syndromes that children may have.
Child population in the age group below 6 was 28,302 Males and 27,219 Females.
Children are artists: an introduction to children's art for teachers and parents, p. 136.
Children go to school in Drayton Valley.
Children have drowned in wading pools and even bath tubs.
Children who saw the aggressive model played aggressively with the toys.
Child world filed for bankruptcy in May 1992 and closed half of its stores.
Child World says it's their only plan left of staying open.
Child World was a toy store.
Chile's currency is the Chilean peso.
China Northwest Airlines Flight 2303 was a flight from Xianyang Airport, in Xianyang to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport (former).
China rejected the agreement.
China, the three-volume The Origins of the Cultural Revolution and Mao’s Last Revolution.
Chinese herbs do not grow in China only.
Chino was so impressed with his health that she hugged him tightly.
Chip (previously Chipmunk), is a English rapper and songwriter.
Chloe Wang (Zh; born April 18, 1992), known professionally as Chloe Bennet, is an American actress and singer.
Chlorine atoms gain the electrons from the sodium atoms to form negatively charged chloride ions (Cl - ).
Choco-Yatsuhashi: This is the original confection of Otabe.
Choice of diet is a major influence on a person's carbon footprint.
Chojnów is first mentioned in a note dated 1272 as a Haynow settlement.
Cholesterol does many important jobs in a cell.
Choline was discovered by Andreas Strecker in 1864.
Chongqing is said to be the semi-mythical State of Ba that began in 11th century BC, when the Ba people began living here until they were destroyed by the State of Qin in 316 BC.
Choosing P and V to be independent, we picture the T values forming a surface above the PV-plane.
Choosing the closest preferred value to any given value can be seen as a kind of scaled rounding.
Chorley town centre.
Choron's 1870 Christmas menu at the restaurant Voisin.
Chorus adds additional notes to the notes you're playing to make the sound more "full".
Chowkur is small village specifically for the Tibetan refugees, who have escaped Tibet from Chinese Oppression in 1959.
Chris is like his father both are unfit and not as smart as others.
Christchurch International Airport was only open for emergency air traffic, citation but has now been opened to all local and domestic flights.
Christensen appeared in a small number of movies, but her best known work was in Stevnemøte med glemte år (1957).
Chris then became much more jaded after his recovery, often using his intelligence and assets to take revenge on who hurt him.
Christian belief is not a prerequisite for membership to the Academy, because first and foremost, it is a legitimate Scientific body that follows the Scientific Method.
Christian (played by Ewan McGregor) is a British writer who came to the village of Montmartre in Paris in 1899, when the Bohemian movement was at its most popular.
Christians believe that knowing about God's love helps people to live a new and better life.
Christians believe that, unlike ordinary people, Jesus was completely pure and free from sin, but that when he died on the cross, he took on himself all the sins of every person who would believe in him, like the lamb sacrificed in the temple.
Christians consider the Holy Bible to be a sacred book, inspired by God.
Christians think this may refer to the time Jesus was killed.
Christian thinks Ana is leaving him.
Christian wanted to go back to Tahiti.
Christine Lieberknecht is the second woman that became Minister-President of a German state.
Christmas Dinner, usually eaten in the middle of the day, is an important part of the family celebration.
Christmas on Bear Mountain.
Christmas was celebrated with feasting, singing and plays.
Christophe became famous in the early 1960s with his first hit being "Aline".
Christopher's mother married Robert Russell on 20 September 1579.
Christ's College has about 600 students.
Christ the Redeemer appears, and the work finishes with the theme of the new faith.
Christy's two friends, Dawn and John, later join the Care Bear Family so that they can put an end to his evil doings.
Chris wants to leave the Youth Scouts but does not want to tell his father Peter.
Chromista, which was first proposed in 1981.
Chromium metal is nontoxic.
Chromium occurs as chromite.
Chromosome 21 is the smallest human autosome (non-
Chroniclers have presented different versions of the story.
Chrudim is a district town in the Pardubice region of the Czech Republic.
Chrystal really likes Grumpy after they have an exciting adventure.
Chukha is the commercial and the financial capital of Bhutan.
Chulalongkorn University has been ranked as Number 1 in Thailand and 151-200 in the World.
Chung Hwa Pak had left the movement when the book was published and later withdrew the book from print when he rejoined the Unification Church.
Chungkham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin.
Church dominating the rock above the river Lužnice, was established in 1491, the original Augustinian monastery functioned here from first half of the 14th century.
Churches agreed with Nazi ideas.
Churches, however, observe Ascension on the same date as the Western Churches.
Churchill arrived on the spot to see the situation at first hand, and to offer advice.
Church in full communion with the other churches of Eastern Orthodoxy.
Church of the Ascension is the church in Burghclere.
Church started the Personal Genome Project (PGP) in 2005, Church G.M. 2005.
Chuvalo was inducted into the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame in 1990 and the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1997.
Cicadas are related to leafhoppers and spittlebugs.
CIDCO acquired convert of land, of which convert was private land, convert salt-pan land and convert government land.
Cikadap commented in his live performance that the song is actually about him missing his girlfriend at the time terribly.
Cináed mac Duib, or Kenneth III, king from 997-1005.
Cinco de Mayo is also celebrated outside Mexico and the United States.
Cinematographer Conrad L. Hall complemented Mendes' style with peaceful shot compositions to contrast with the turbulent on-screen events.
Cinnamon is grown as an export crop in Sri Lanka.
Circular slide rules are mechanically more rugged and smoother-moving, but their scale alignment precision is sensitive to the centering of a central pivot; a minute 0.1 mm off-centre of the pivot can result in a 0.2 mm worst case alignment error.
; citation That year, he discovered the underwater ruins of the ancient Koneswaram temple in Trincomalee.
". citation The show interviewed many musicians.
Cited in Michael Barry, Old English Recipes, (Jarrod) 1995:64f from the manuscript archived at the Centre for Kentish Studies, Maidstone, Kent.
Cities are indicated in bold.
Citizen Ruth is a 1996 comedy movie about pregnancy and abortion controversy.
Citizenship at Athens brought eligibility for numerous state payments such as jury and assembly pay, which could be significant to working people.
City and State of Hamburg.
City has also its own TV – Cable’s information service.
City in 1816, The directory of Derby Artists quotes: Coffee, "William John - 1774 - 1846.
Citynet Network Marketing and Productions Inc.
City statuses were later changed based on the results of the 2001 Census of India.
CityWalk includes the 20 screen Loews Universal Cineplex, a lot of restaurants, shops, and clubs.
Civilians have the right to defend themselves.
Clancy Wiggum is the police chief of Springfield.
Clapton also enjoys fishing at Eastlodge fishing.
Clapton also sings the lead vocals.
Clarence Hervey is a clever and witty young man, who is gallant, and is, as Belinda said at first, “a most uncommonly pleasing young man.”
Clare's relatives found out where she was staying, but when they arrived to take her back home, she clung to the altar saying she would only wed Christ.
ClariS released six more singles between 2011 and 2013.
Clarisse is determined to groom Mia into a refined princess so she may one day rule the kingdom over which Clarisse currently presides.
Clark County, WI Internet Library Project.
Clarke first practised psychiatry at the 999 Queen Street institution in Toronto.
Clark won the 2014 Grammy Award for Best Folk Album: My Favorite Picture Of You.
Classes started on January 3, 1876.
Classes vary depending on the level.
Classful network design allowed for a larger number of individual networks.
Classical Greece: Ancient histories and modern archaeologies, Ian Morris, Routledge, p184 Alexander planned to settle the eastern shores of the Persian Gulf with Greek colonists.
Classical Music News.
Classical physics already had answers for the brightness of the bands of color that a hydrogen lamp produces, but the classical theory said that there should be a continuous rainbow, and not four separate color bands.
Classical rhetoric and its Christian and secular tradition from ancient to modern times.
Classified advertising allows private individuals (not simply companies or corporate entities) to try to sell products or services.
Class is not happy (closed) to be changed by others.
Claude had no brothers, but was not allowed to be the Queen of France in her own right after her father died because of the Salic Law.
Clause 1 gives the federal courts the power to hear and judge actual "cases and controversies" only.
Clausewitz has for a long time been misquoted as saying "war is a mere continuation of policy by other means.”
Clay often contains some water because the water molecules stick to the tiny grains.
Clay Regazzoni, Swiss racing driver (d.
Clearing, one of the 77 official community areas.
Cleburne County was formed on December 6, 1866.
Clemens Richter and his wife Vera Richter moved in this apartment in 1996.
Clement first wrestled for Power Zone Wrestling in 2007 where he competed under the ring name "Mattias Wild".
Cleomenes and Dion want the king to marry again, but Leontes believes no woman would be as good as Hermione, and his servant Paulina agrees.
Cleveland Heights on the Coventry Road.
Cleveland is a big center for the performing arts, and is the home of Playhouse Square, the second largest theater district in the United States (the largest is Lincoln Center).
"Cleveland is making a comeback,"
Click for an example of torsion.
Click for larger version.
ClickonWales is designed to bring users a new level of regular commentary and analysis on Welsh affairs, and opportunities for debate.
Clinical improvement is often measured by a "six-minute walk test", i.e. the distance a patient can walk in six minutes.
Clinical psychologists help people overcome mental health issues without the use of drugs.
Clio History Journal, 2009.
Clodius Albinus initially supported Septimius Severus believing that he would succeed him.
Clones of the Republic could easily overcome these droids.
Close-up of a luminaria placed at a Relay for Life.
Clothes, candles, jewellery, soaps, relishes, chutneys a​re sold by people.
Clottes (2003b), p. 33. The oldest is sample Gifa 99776 from "zone 10".
Clouds are classified according to how they look and how high the base of the cloud is in the sky.
Clownfish are born male but when they grow older some develop into females.
Club officials started making plans to build a new stadium in the north of the city.
Clubs in italic no longer exist.
Coaches of people who win get 10% the amount given to the sportsperson.
Coach-loads of tourists visit every day to see these toilets, which are designed according to the artist's strict beliefs.
Coal contains sulfur ions which are released when it burns.
Coalition parties marked in olive.
Coal of a medium quality is also found.
Coarse-grain multithreading is more common for less context switch between threads.
Coat and saliva samples from the puppy's coats were sent to Hawaii.
Coat of arms of Henry VI, shows fleur de lies meant to represent France.
C. Objects denser than water still float when the object is nonwettable and its weight is small enough to be borne by the forces arising from surface tension.
Coca-Cola was first made in the 1800s by John Pemberton.
Coccinellids are often brightly coloured to warn potential predators.
Cockburn Town is home to the Turks & Caicos National Museum, which is housed in the colonial-era Guinep House, on Front Street.
CoCo later went for a short time to the University of California, Irvine.
Codebreakers: the inside story of Bletchley Park.
Coden is on the southern shore of the mainland, across the Mississippi Sound from Dauphin Island and is one stop along Alabama's Coastal Birding Trail.
Coffee is made into a drink by putting the coffee into boiling water.
Cognitive behavioral therapy, CBT, is a talk therapy that focuses on helping the person to think about their strange ideas (delusions) in more realistic ways.
Cogs, Cargoes and Commerce: Maritime Bulk Trade in Northern Europe, 1150-1400, eds.
Coinciding the with film's DVD release, the soundtrack was released by Walt Disney Records in the United States on February 7, 2006.
Coleman as called Major League Baseball games for ABC and NFL games for Sports Network Incorporation.
Coleman has said that she will be in the eighth series.
Cole was eventually vanquished for good.
Collection of GSR is time sensitive in many cases.
Colleoni looks fierce, as if he is leading his troops into battle.
Collins has been married five times.
Colombian authorities also stated that it could remain volatile in the weeks to come.
Colombia Records did not like the album and did not release it.
Colonel Merritt Edson who was given command of the 5th Marine Regiment.
Colonial land is land that belongs to the colony.
Colonial period means the time when Western countries ruled India.
Colony and state from 1856 to the 1980s Melbourne, Oxford University Press.
;Color: a term used by wrestlers and promoters to discuss the amount of bloodshed in a match.
Colors Bangla previously known as ETV Bangla (
"Colors of the Wind" is a song written by Stephen Schwartz.
Coloured glass is made by adding small amounts of metal oxides.
Coloured people were treated slightly less badly.
Columbia N.Y. Admittedly, the Protista is a collection of disparate single-celled forms, but while a more sophisticated taxonomy is in flux (changing), Protista is still a useful term.
Columbia, N.Y. Geologists did not know what they had found.
Cometary Phrases was Welsh Book of the Year 1989 and she was the winner of the first Roland Mathias Prize in 2005.
Commercial director is Stephan Jager and Peter Liehner is managing director sales / marketing.
Commercial preparations are available as either pre-prepared fluids or packets of oral rehydration salts (ORS) ready for mixing with the fluid.
Commission on Human Rights holds its final meeting.
Commodes have been in common usage since the 18th century.
" - commodities rather than innocent people - to be bought and sold, and not respected and cared about.
Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix) takes power and strips rank from Maximus (Russell Crowe), one of the favored generals of his predecessor and father, Emperor Marcus Aurelius, the great stoical philosopher.
' (commonly known as Atlantis: Trial by Fire) was the second game developed by Zombie Studios and published by Disney Interactive, and was released May 18, 2001, for the Microsoft Windows platform.
Common minke whales (Northern Hemisphere variety) have a white band on each flipper.
Common people wore a piece of clothing called a kosode, which means "short sleeve".
"Communication Theory of Secrecy Systems", Bell System Technical Journal, vol.28(4), page 656–715, 1949.
Community service is usually done at little or no pay.
'Commutative' means that a function has the same result if the numbers are swapped around.
"Como La Flor", "La Carcacha" and "¿Qué Creias?" helped Selena to be accepted into Mexico.
Comox is known for having the HMCS Quadra Sea Cadet training facility and Canadian air force base CFB Comox.
Companies sometimes use these terms to promote goods and services by making environmental marketing claims and with eco-labels.
Compaq submitted their implementation to Small Form Committee for standardization in early 1995.
Compared to other television technologies, Plasma TVs have a shorter life span.
Compared to some of today's big hitters, such as the Northern American bighorn sheep, Stegoceras' head was able to withstand the most stress.
Compelled by a since of respect to those who had fallen in action, Mary J. Green and her sister began collecting the bodies to bury properly.
Compendium of chemical terminology, internet edition.
Competitions between the houses are held.
Competitive eating is a term for a sport where people play to see who can eat the most food in a given time.
Complementing this is a presentation of Le Prêt-a-Porter (ready-to-wear).
Completed in December, it can transmit 240 telephone calls simultaneously.
Complex objects may by themselves be modular and used to create even more complex objects by piecing them together.
Composers at that time often wrote collections of glosas.
Composers continued to use the forms that had been invented in the 18th century, but they also thought that personal feeling and emotion were very important.
Compound-specific carbon isotopes from Earth's largest flood basalt eruptions directly linked to the end-Triassic mass extinction.
Computers can be part of several different networks.
Computer Science and Engineering.
Computer users at home and in workplaces waste a lot of time opening and deleting spam messages.
Concentric objects share the same center, axis, or origin.
Concert and Alpine zithers are traditionally found in Slovenia, Austria, Hungary, France, north-western Croatia, the southern regions of Germany and alpine Europe.
“Concertgebouw” (pronounced: “Con-SERT-ghe-bouw”) is the Dutch word for “concert hall”.
Concert halls that are purpose-built usually have fixed seating (seats that cannot be moved).
Concertos for various instruments (pieces he wrote when he worked with the Scottish Chamber Orchestra).
Conches have a characteristic leaping motion, using their pointed, sickle-shaped, horny operculum to propel themselves forward.
Concord was first named Todos Santos.
Concord was founded in 1869.
Condiments made with mejus all tasted different because the production of meju was not standardized.
Conditions in prison were extremely poor, leading Delara to repeatedly file requests to be transferred to another prison with better sanitary and overall conditions.
Conditions were good for the storm to develop in the Gulf of Mexico, and Elena became a hurricane on the 29th.
Confederate soldiers found him and took his body to Springfield.
Conflicts between elephants and humans have been the result.
Conflicts between Max and the other members led to Max leaving the band.
Confucian scholars saw Chinese as the language of education and looked down on Nôm.
Confusion can be caused by many different medical problems.
Congo at the Olympics is a history which includes 11 games in 10 countries and 60+ athletes.
Congress ultimately voted to require the renaming on November 30. citation According to the General Manager at the time, Richard A. White, Metro paid to rename the station.
Connecting the positive of one cell to the positive of the other, and the negative to the negative is called connecting them in parallel.
Connor sees Evan's letter.
Conn's biological stains: a handbook of dyes, stains and fluorochromes for use in biology and medicine.
Conquest is 1937 American romantic drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and Gustav Machatý.
Conrad Leyser, Lesley Smith (Farnham, Surrey, England; Burlington, VT: Ashgate, 2011), p. 28 She was the daughter of Lambert I, Count of Leuven.
Consadole also finished at the bottom place in 2002 season and was relegated to J2.
Consequently, fiscal issues, i.e. budget and tax affairs have been dealt with by the 'Azad Jammu & Kashmir Council', instead of the Central Board of Revenue.
Consequently, floods are a problem during those seasons.
Consequently, for as long as I am the Acting Attorney General, the Department of Justice will not present arguments in defense of the Executive Order, unless and until I become convinced that it is appropriate to do so.
Conservation Refugees: The Hundred-Year Conflict between Global Conservation and Native Peoples.
Considering the relations between force, space and time, Napoleon tried to attack the side and back of the enemy forces in battle through strategic movement and tactical surprise.
Consider this question: "Do you think this treatment is just?"
Consplcuous gallantry in a charge upon the Tonto Apaches.
Constance Brittain Bouchard, Sword, Miter, and Cloister: Nobility and the Church in Burgundy, 980-1198 (Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 2009), pp. 46, 52 Bede was ordained a deacon when he was nineteen and at age thirty he was ordained a priest.
Constantini had troubles with some players but he also gave young players a chance to play in the team (Aleksandar Dragović, Yasin Pehlivan, Julian Baumgartlinger or Jakob Jantscher).
Constant touring resulted in noteworthy success for an act without significant major funding.
Constructed languages can be split into a priori languages, which are made from scratch, and a posteriori languages, which borrow words and grammar from existing languages.
Construction began in 1768.
Construction began in 1964.
Construction began in August 1981, and was completed in December, 1982.
Construction for this station was delayed for one year as government offices which sat on top of the station had to be removed to a new location before construction could start.
Construction of biologically functional bacterial plasmids in vitro.
Construction of the Modified Initial System (now part of Kwun Tong Line and Tsuen Wan Line) commenced in November 1975.
Construction on the Table Rock dam was completed in 1958.
Construction was concluded in 2006 with the construction of a roof over the one remaining uncovered stand.
Construction was started on the dam in 1964 and officially completed in 1967.
Constructors receive points as well as drivers.
Consuelo Velazquez, Mexican musician and composer (d.
Consumers did not like this engine because of the vibration.
"Contact" masks, which touch the surface of the silicon wafer directly.
Containing his Cutlerian lectures and other discourses, read at meetings of the illustrious Royal Society.
Contains unclear bits that were later cleared up in the FAQ, but a much quicker read than the FAQ.
Contemporary graphic designs tends to feature modern geometric forms and shapes and bold typefaces.
Contemporary photos taken in some of the oldest districts of Tehran.
Content is shared across titles within the Washington Post Company, and the Express, in particular, often reprints content from the Associated Press, Getty Images, and other wire sources.
Contestants answer eight questions (ten in Season 1), and can answer a 5th grade bonus question for ten times the amount they earned from those questions.
Contestants must complete challenges while living in a house full of cameras.
Continues until nightfall of the 24th.
Continuous wavelet transform of frequency breakdown signal.
Contract killing is illegal, and is punishable, sometimes by death.
Contrary to rumors, no second season is planned.
Contrary to the normal distribution, the Gumbel PDF is a-symmetrical and skew to the right.
Control of the transition from sensory detection to sensory awareness in Man by the duration of a thalamic stimulus.
Control points closer to a team's spawn point are captured more quickly by the enemy team.
Convergent evolution leads to analogous features.
Convict labor must be supervised by public officials.
Conwy and Meirionydd Nant Conwy went from being entirely within Gwynedd to being split between Gwynedd and Clwyd.
Coogan has one son with Grable, one daughter with McCormack, and has a son and daughter with Lampere.
Cooks use the terms "horseradish" or "prepared horseradish" to refer to the grated root of the horseradish plant mixed with vinegar.
Coolidge fired the police officers who went on strike.
Coolio's best known song is "Gangsta's Paradise" which was released on the album of the same name.
Cope wrote papers on fish, whales, and one on a fossil frog with a tail.
Coppélia lost its star when Grantzow was injured.
Coppélia was first performed in Russia in 1884.
Coppélia was in rehearsal for three years.
Copper coins were minted in the province in 1861-1863 (
Copper(I) acetylide is a reddish solid.
Copper(II) carbonate is a blue-green solid.
Coracles are so light that they can easily be carried on the fisherman's shoulders.
Coral snakes are not aggressive or prone to biting.
Cordova had a post office from 1857 to 1907.
Coritiba Crocodiles is a four-time state champion and two-time champion of the south conference.
Cork Corporation Roll Book – via Cork City Archives.
Corkscrew Road is a popular route for cyclists and people on day-trips.
Cornelius makes Seth sell all his things and use the money to buy a ship.
Cornwallis decided on the community of Yorktown and his men started building defenses there in August of 1781 to wait for the Navy.
Cornyn and his wife Sandy have two daughters.
Corporate finance is about things like the sale of stock by a company to the public.
Corporation they were news release is Nokia 8800 Gold has release on July 7, 2009 and pubilc below version for Nokia 8800 in five day ago in 6 years.
Correspondence respecting the Conference at Constantinople and the affairs of Turkey: 1876–1877.
Corruption was widespread, and the Mubarak family amassed a large fortune.
Corsi died in Rome on 22 February 2016.
Cosima is a student at the University of Minnesota studying evolutionary development.
Cosmologically the Dvipas and Sagaras depict the entire Cosmos, though in Cartiography (or Cosmography), all the Dvipas and Sagaras are shown to lie in the Southern Hemisphere.
Costanzo formed his own band in the 1950s which recorded and toured internationally.
Costas is a play-by-play announcer for MLB Network.
Costa was ordained a holy priest of the Congregation of Holy Cross on 5 February 1981.
Costs for adaptation to the new climate and for repair of disasters will explode.
Cosworth was a poor fit, so Carlton sold the Cosworth part off.
Cotillard's mother Monique (known as Niseema) Theillaud, is also an actress and a drama teacher.
Cottbuss also has bilingual signs.
Could it be friendliness?
"could say without hyperbole" that "Shakespeare is the chief of all Poets hitherto; the greatest intellect who, in our recorded world, has left record of himself in the way of literature."
Coulthard had been knocked out in Q2.
Count Basie, 1985, p. 116 The Moten band was classier and more respected than the Blue Devils.
Counties won by the candidates.
Countries must raise awareness and increase respect toward persons with disabilities.
Countries with 7 Eleven locations.
Country music's strongest appeal is with American rural and small-town populations, but many American cities have a large audience.
County Council did a study for a new airport.
County government in Indiana consists of two bodies, the county council and the commissioners.
Course structure and length vary greatly among countries.
Court documents show that Epstein was attempting to bring at least 40 underaged girls to his mansion to sexually abuse them. citation Judge Kenneth Marra is currently deciding whether Epstein should continue being protected from harsher court punishments.
Courtenay Felix Bartholomew (1931 – 7 May 2021) was a Trinidad and Tobago physician, scientist, and author.
Courtenay has a population of 21,940 people as of 2006.
Court no Naka no Tenshi-tachi was published into a two volume novel series by KSS Books.
Couture is a common abbreviation of haute couture.
Covers politics, economics, religion, culture and the arts and sciences.
COVID-19 is very contagious, and people can catch it from other people easily.
Cox is strongly against the "gas tax."
Coyanmahuida, an ecological park near of this city.
CPR is a common technique used to help someone breathe in an emergency.
Crabbe enjoyed the success, but wished he would get a part in a major motion picture.
Crabbe was in the water ballet and in a part of the show called "The Evolution of Swimming".
"Crack Attack" features rapper Freedom, and "Don't Cry Freedom" is a duet with Chris Stanley, although they're not credited as such in track listing on the album sleeve.
Cradleboards are baby-carriers that protect the baby.
Cramond joined Go Girls as Amanda, a love interest and eventual wife of main character Kevin (Jay Ryan).
Crash cymbals are very often used to mark the start of a new section of a song.
Crash tests for the 2012 season will also be more rigorous than in previous years.
Crater Lake is also the ninth deepest lake in the world.
Crato is called the "Oasis do Cariri".
Creating a fermi condensate is very difficult.
Creating interactive acoustics animations using Mathematica's Computable Document Format.
Creation of a chipset costs tens of millions of dollars and represents a major commitment to the use of the Itanium.
Creative Commons is a popular licence used by people who want to give something out for free without taking as much credit.
Creativity: flow and the psychology of discovery and invention.
Credit cards are given on the trust they will pay the bank or credit union.
Credits and personnel adapted from MDNA album liner notes.
Cretaceous Research 31 (2): 274. The domes were often surrounded by nodes and/or spikes.
Crick decided to focus his work on how the brain generates visual awareness within a few hundred milliseconds of viewing a scene.
Crime in India is very common and happens in many different ways.
Criminal cases were usually handled in maẓālim courts.
Critical perspectives on sexuality and pornography in science and social fiction.
Criticism has been ongoing however, with some viewers complaining about the colour scheme, and of a lack of detail beyond 36 hours.
Criticism was positive.
Critics believe this plan would just be a waste of money.
Critics did not like it as much as White Teeth.
Critics gave the movie good reviews.
Critics have given positive reviews for the song.
Critics liked the movie.
Croatia, which blocks people from accessing Liberland, has stated that after international arbitration, it should be awarded to Croatia or Serbia, not to a third party.
Crocodiles can also live in fresh water.
Croft leaves to find his commanding officer.
Cron is set up by editing a file called a crontab (cron table).
Crookedstar's promise to a mysterious cat leaves him with all the power he could dream of, but no one to share it with.
Crops grown include beans and corn, as well as rice.
Cross-section through the spinal cord at the mid-thoracic level.
Crow helped make the RMT one of Britain's fastest growing trade unions.
CRs often learn the languages spoken by the Celts, if they do not speak them already.
Cruikshank makes his voice sound higher pitched for the Fred character.
Cruise ships often dock here.
Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin chickens out, and is reunited with Allison.
Crystal is one of the hardest resource to obtain.
Crystals of similar shape and dimensions have been discovered in another deposit in Minas Gerais, near Mantena, but they lack the perfection of the crystal form.
C. to B'Way-- In a Hurry."
Cuban athletes have won a total of 208 medals at the Summer Olympics.
Cúcuta has an agroindustry that mainly produces milk products and liquors, construction has boomed in recent years, but it's a net commercial city due to its condition of border city with Venezuela.
Cullors lived during a time when prison populations were rising.
Cultivation also spread in Africa.
Cultivation and fruit picking by hand is labour-intensive and needs around one person per hectare.
Cuniculus has the two species of paca.
Cunningham lost the election to Tillis on November 10.
Curiosity is the fourth NASA surface rover sent to Mars in 16 years.
Curitiba is the economic center of the southern Brazil and is among the four largest GDP of the country.
Currency in Geometry Dash can be easy and hard to collect.
Currently, 80 people are in the New Jersey legislature for two-year terms.
Currently an alleged street boss or acting boss along with the Corozzo brothers.
Currently at the start of 2020, the largest size publicly available is 2 terabytes.
Currently, FaceTime audio is only available between Apple devices.
Currently he teaches at a vocational school and he writes for some newspapers as a sports journalist Cfr.
Currently it is the only television broadcast for the SmackDown! brand.
Currently, it is unknown in what way the disease spreads.
Currently, Korail runs the railway and part of subway.
Currently married to Evan Davies.
Currently one-third of the members are elected every two years to a six-year term. In other words, one-third of the provinces hold senate elections every two years.
Currently Saasen has 1,156 people living there.
Currently she integrates the TV Show Custe o Que Custar of the Rede Bandeirantes.
Currently, the Locus Awards are given at a yearly banquet.
Currently, the MAC has 12 full members, all public schools, each of which competes in at least 15 MAC sports.
Curse Gaming - The original addon can be found at http://wow.
Curt Johnson; Richard Claire Anderson, Artillery Hell: The Employment of Artillery at Antietam (College Station: Texas A & M University Press, 1995), pp. 24–25 The Confederacy also produced a 3-inch Ordnance Rifle.
Cushelle adverts are voiced-over by Robert Webb.
Customer teams were entrants that purchased their cars off the shelf.
Cuticles are usually tough but also bendable.
Cuts with a knife, on the upper arm.
Cut the leaves around the stem, cut the core, separate each leaf.
CVO, DSO, DFC & Bar (22 November 1914 – 19 June 1995) was a British Royal Air Force officer, flying ace, courtier and author.
Cyber crime cells have been set up in major cities.
Cybermen are another enemy of the Doctor.
Cybrarians can help research using computers.
Cycles that model external combustion engines include the Brayton cycle, which models gas turbines, and the Rankine cycle, which models steam turbines.
Cycling has been at the Olympics since 1896.
Cynthia Ceilán, Thinning the Herd: Tales of the Weirdly Departed (Guilford, CT: Lyons Press, 2008), p. 36 On the morning of Monday, July 15, 1974, during her broadcast, Chubbuck read a prepared script.
Cynthia is happy that her son had a close friend.
Cypress Mountain was the place for the freestyle skiing (aerials, moguls and ski cross), and all snowboard events (half-pipe, parallel giant slalom, snowboard cross).
Cypselus’s son Periander was also a cruel tyrant who ruled for 40 years.
Cystocele can make sexual intercourse difficult or painful.
Cytokines are small molecules which carry local messages between cells.
CYU is also known as Chien Hsin Tech (健行科大).
Czechoslovakia was an independent country in 1938.
DADE Republic has won the independence os Spain the 26 October 2017, DADE Republic has become as one of the biggest countries around the world.
Daedalus shows up to help along with his giant pet hellhound, Mrs. O'Leary.
Daily programs include animal training, feeding demonstrations, and talks by zoo workers.
Dáin becomes King under the Mountain.
Dairy Farm Nature Reserve is connected to the Yellow Trail via the Dairy Farm Loop, while the MacRitchie Reservoir is connected to BTNR by the Kampong Trail.
Daisy Duck is popular among women though she has made relatively few appearances in media compared to Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck.
Dakelman, p. 88. Dakelman, p. 100. In 1954, the road was built east to the Delaware River.
Dalmeny House was the ancestral seat of the Earls of Rosebery and the setting for Lord and Lady Rosebery's political houseparties.
Damage to schools alone has been estimated at £100 million.
Damage totaled $15 billion, although some estimates go as high as $20 billion.
Damon Evans plays Lionel after Mike Evans left but Mike came back to play the character in 1979.
Dana Robins Ivey (born August 12, 1941) is an American actress.
“dance music” was often thought of as meaning: music played by dance bands.
Dangers include falling too fast while in the air with injuries upon landing.
Daniel Payne College suffered extensive damage, and it was closed permanently.
Daniel was a long lived Major hurricane that Affected Hawaii with some rain.
Dan Kelly was again in trouble with the law when he was only 10 years old.
Danny feels ignored and quits almost his job as moderator.
Danny Fingeroth at the April 2008 convention.
Dan Schneider is the youngest of four brothers and sisters.
Dante has been played by Reuben Langdon.
Dante said that Giotto was the greatest painter in the world, even greater than his famous master, Cimabue.
Daphne is Bloom's older sister.
Daphnia spp. are a popular live food in tropical and marine fish keeping.
Daphnis of Miletus made the design for it at the end of the fourth century B.C. (about 300 B.C.) but it was never finished.
Dar es Salaam continued to be its capital.
Dark Matter is a resource that can be bought with real money.
Dark red region marks the approximate extent of northern India while the regions marked as light red lies within the sphere of north Indian influence.
Dark sky discovery.
Darling put Sturt in charge.
Darrang district with head quarter at Tezpur continued as an important district of Assam.
Darren and Stacey Gagnon, the parents of the boy, sued the dentist and the Reachout company.
Darth Revan was given an entirely new identity, they worked together for a long time, searching for the Star Forge.
Dartmoor is famous for its tors—outcrops of rock on top of many of its hills.
Darwin Among the Machines.
Darwin at first responded in a friendly way to these letters, and agreed that geographic isolation was important (although not the only mode of speciation).
Darwin College Research Reports, Cambridge University.
Darwin reminded readers of the huge changes mankind had made in its domestic animals, which were once wild species.
Darwin then wrote The Loves of the Plants, a long poem, which was a popular rendering of Linnaeus works.
Dasdasi was first shown on September 22, 2012, and the last episode was shown on December 20, 2012. citation There were 78 episodes.
Data modeling can be used without knowing about the underlying processes that have generated the data; Richard A. Berk, Regression Analysis: A Constructive Critique, Sage Publications (2004) in this case the model is an empirical model.
Data taken from year 2000.
Date line, Caroline island is highlighted in red.
Dave discovers that his old boss, Ian Hawke (
Dave is very disappointed in the Chipmunks, so they try to make it up to him by singing a new song to him at the launch party with the help of the Chipettes, Ashley and Miles.
Dave Matthews Band has written 235 songs (included cover songs).
Davenport married actress Michelle Gomez on 1 May 2000.
Dave's mother often worked part-time at a bar, because his father was at a young age retired consequence of a disease.
Dave Sudbury wrote a song about The King of Rome.
David Bradbury had served as the Mayor of Penrith.
David Christopher Kelly main (14 May 1944 – 17 July 2003) was a Welsh scientist.
David C. Jewitt is a Professor of astronomy at the University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy.
David Crouch, The Normans: The History of a Dynasty (Hambledon Continuum, 2007), p. 210 He and his mother had been very close.
David cursed Joab for murdering Abner and said that he did not join in the killing.
David Desrosiers, Canadian musician (
David Gilmour joined the band in 1968.
David Hillel Gutmann is an American neurologist.
David Sarnoff was a Russian-born American broadcasting pioneer.
Davids Holdings, Metcash's old name, brought the IGA name to Australia in 1988 with just 10 shops.
Davidson left the position of leader of the Scottish Conservative Party on 29 August 2019.
David W. Panuelo (born 1964) citation is a Micronesian politician.
Davies (1975), p.215 He played wing at Cardiff.
Davies was born in Glanaman, Wales.
Davies wrote a lot of music.
Davis contributed to other Kurtzman magazines—Trump, Humbug and Help!
Davison County is part of the Mitchell, SD Micropolitan Statistical Area.
DAX stands for Deutscher Aktien Index (in English: German stock index).
Dayaben is a devoted wife and never refers Jethalal by name, instead calling him "Tapu ke Papa" (meaning “Tapu’s father”).
Dayan has made a Pocket Cube called the Dayan 2x2.
Dayan then was a professor of psychopathology at Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, then at Paris Diderot University.
D." Dorian and his best friend Christopher Turk in their first year out of medical school as interns at Sacred Heart Hospital.
DDT worked very well for vector control.
DE 82 was first given its number by 1952.
Dead reckoning starts from a known point (the fix).
Dean Windass scored the winning goal in the 38th minute.
"Dear Father"/"Dear Son:" Correspondence of John D. Rockefeller and John D. Rockefeller, Jr. New York: Fordham University Press, with the Rockefeller Archive Center, 1994.
Death at Broadcasting House is a 1934 British mystery movie directed by Reginald Denham and was based on the novel of the same name.
Debian's official software package repository ArchLinux.
Debris from the explosion was scattered over an area of convert.
Decryption is the reverse process of encryption.
Defeated for re-election in 2004, he took a position as a policy advisor with a lobbying firm, and also became a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress.
Defense is how much damage it can avoid taking whenever it is attacked.
Defibrillation is most successful when done right when the problem starts.
Defining means giving a definition.
Definition: predestination is the divine foreordaining or foreknowledge of all that will happen.
Deflation can be helped by the country's own government by lowering the companies'
Deformation and failure of polycarbonate during impact as a function of thickness.
Deftones has five members in the band; the current band members are Chino Moreno, Stephen Carpenter, Abe Cunningham, Frank Delgado and Sergio Vega.
Deianeira sees Troy in the distance and tells Hercules that she now remembers and this is where she is from.
Deidara did not like the Uchihas because of what Itachi did to him.
Deimos rises in the east and sets in the west, like a "normal" moon, although its appearance to the naked eye would be star-like.
De Jong (1969b), p. 363 It was very difficult to obtain new weapons in wartime.
De Jong (1969b), p. 65 In the Holland-Weisung (Holland Directive) of 15 November it was decided to conquer the entire south, but in the north to advance no further than the Grebbe Line, and to occupy the Frisian Isles.
De Jong (1969), p. 541 Senior officers did not try to encourage improving military defence.
De ‘Kleine Bassin’ and ‘De Ronde Kom’ are two smaller lakes.
De Launay ordered his guards to stop shooting and he gave up the fortress.
Delegate to the United States House of Representatives, serving from January 3, 1973 to January 3, 1979.
Delgadillo's had a sense of humor which could be seen both on his car and on his menu.
Delgadillo thought of a fun way to bring attention to his new restaurant.
Delivering his lines in both English and Japanese, he was perhaps best recognized for his role as Dr. Immelman in The Mysterians, a part which he reprised for the film's 1959 sequel, Battle in Outer Space.
Delos was later held down with four pillars so that it would not float around anymore.
Delphine has a boyfriend, who often works on the photography of her modeling content and likes to remain anonymous.
Delta Air Lines will get 88 717s from Southwest Airlines in 2013.
Delta is the biggest place in Metro Vancouver by how much land it has, Surrey is the second biggest.
Delta's winds peaked near 145 miles an hour.
Delvile: Cecilia’s guardian, and the father of Mortimer.
Demand is more elastic for price increases than price decreases, based on the assumption that the price increase is a loss while the price decrease is a gain for consumers.
Demarest travelled around on foot to learn more about the Earth's structure.
Dementia that gets worse very quickly is unusual.
Demisexuality means you can only get sexually aroused when forming a emotional bond with someone.
Democrats for the first eight years.
Democrats said they did not like the Republican plan because it was mostly things that police departments had already tried.
Democritus thought that if you cut something in half again and again, you would at last have to stop.
Demons appear in various places to catch and eat humans.
Dempster was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the 3rd round of the 1995 MLB Draft.
Denali is in the middle of the Alaska Range.
Deneb is a blue supergiant that is 203 times larger than the Sun.
Dengue fever is caused by the dengue virus.
DENK aims at the interests of non-western citizens, and was established in 2015.
Denmark has another anthem called Kong Christian stod ved højen mast, which is also officially used a national anthem but is usually reserved for royal and military purposes.
Denmark qualified in the following event with one qualifier.
Dennis Pennington, the speaker of territorial legislature and others from Harrison County in the Indiana General Assembly did not want to move the capital from Corydon.
Dental sounds are made by the tip of the tongue touching the back of the teeth.
Dentin is divided into different types based on when it is made.
Denuvo Software Solutions GmbH is a subsidary of Irdeto.
Denver began his music career with folk music groups during the late 1960s.
Department and Head of the department of Physics at Shahjalal University of Science and Technology (SUST). citation They have a son, Nabil, and a daughter, Yeshim.
Depending on the configuration and the size of the disks, this reconstruction can take a long time.
Depending on the culture it usually does not mean that the kisser loves the person he or she kissed.
Depending on the meaning of the words they use, the answers change.
Depending on the species of hornet, they will do this in a radius of between convert.
Depending on what areas are included or excluded, the nominal size of the Thar can vary.
Depending on where you live, gelatin may be called different things.
Deprived of the main song-writing talent, the remaining Wurzels recorded The Wurzels Are Scrumptious! in 1975, an album containing many favourites from the back catalogue, including a number of previously unrecorded Cutler-written songs.
Deputy doesn’t ever go near there because he is afraid Jasper will choke (grab his neck) him again.
Derby has several sports clubs.
Der Protagonist (1926) which made Weill famous.
Description: Joan of Arc kneeling in a church, next to a tomb under a trefoil arch inscribed 'Valiant et Contstant' with a helmet beside it, holding a sword in her right hand, raising her left arm to heaven; after Etty.
Desiccation survival of the eggs of the rotifer Adineta vaga (Davis 1873).
Designated Hitter Kim Jae-hyun was the series MVP.
Designed by Henry Holland, it was opened to pedestrians in November 1771, and to vehicles in 1772.
Despite a common belief that social democracy is socialist by principle, its policies keep capitalism in place and socialists often dislike social democrats.
Despite being a critical and commercial success, the movie had mixed reviews.
Despite having successfully seen her children with Louis legitimised, the arguments between Louis and Athénaïs became more and more frequent as well as ferocious but the couple would invariably work things out.
Despite his personal loss, Hugo remained committed to the cause of political change.
Despite his relative inexperience, the shock of the attack and the all-too-obvious risk to himself, Trooper Finney recognised the need to inform his headquarters of the situation.
Despite its lack of completeness, the novel has a history of media exposure.
Despite it's positive reviews, some reviewers criticized the game.
Despite its strength, Ioke only caused moderate damage to Wake Island, and was not responsible for any fatalities.
Despite Poseidon's claims of his son's innocence, Zeus gives Poseidon 14 days to return it, lest war break out.
Despite the association with women, in 1453, the first known case of claiming to have flown on a broomstick is recorded, confessed by the male witch Guillaume Edelin.
Despite the devastation, the name Gert was not retired in Spring of 1994.
Despite the fact that global oil supply decreased by only ~4%, widespread panic resulted, driving the price far higher.
Despite the grim subject matter, the song is bouncy and upbeat (a "happy song about a serial killer").
Despite their name, fireflies are actually beetles which use an enzymatic reaction involving a chemical compound called luciferin to produce their typical greenish flashing light.
Despite the landslide victory for the Democrats, the Republicans gained two seats in the State Senate, making a 24 Democrat, 24 Republican tie in the senate, and increased their lead in the house of 57-44.
Despite these issues, compared to the past, the 1990s have brought the most freedom of religion in Ethiopia.
Despite the severe damage and death tolls, Alma was not retired.
Despite this, he had always been skilled with the art of words even as a young boy.
Despite this, he was forgiven.
Despite this, team member Patrik Sinkewitz tested positive for elevated testosterone during a training camp. citation The test results were only announced when Sinkiewitz had dropped out of the Tour because of injury.
Destructive interference happens when two or more waves are in the same place and out of phase.
Detail from The School of Athens.
Details of these processes are described in the two books listed below.) A few methods use a hybrid between the two approaches.
Detractors allege he was simply a brutal dictator and only brought about high growth through military control over labour.
De Valera was the author of the Constitution of Ireland.
Devanesan Chokkalingam, also known as Deva, is an Indian movie composer and singer.
Devasena is the daughter of Lord Indra.
Develops into Lough Allen, Lough Bofin, Lough Ree and Lough Derg along its course.
Dever's term in office saw many improvements to the city, including the completion of Wacker Drive, the extension of Ogden Avenue, the straightening of the Chicago River and the building of the city's first airport, Municipal Airport.
Devices that only need a little power can get it from the bus, and do not need a separate electric power plug.
Devil May Cry 5 is the sixth video game in the series of Devil May Cry.
Devil May Cry is the first video game in the series of Devil May Cry.
Devonian climate change, breathing, and the origin of the tetrapod stem group.
Dexter ends the episode by saying "Oh, shit."
D. from the Vrije Universiteit Brussel in 1977.
Dholes have shorter and rougher fur in summer.
Dholes may moult (shed their fur to grow new fur) from March to May.
Dhunds are the largest and most prominent tribe of Murree.
Diagram of a sailboat, in this case, a typical monohull sloop with a Bermuda or marconi rig.
Diane Edith Watson (born November 12, 1933) is an American politician and psychologist.
Diane Marie Antonia Varsi (February 23, 1938 November 19, 1992) was an American actress and dancer.
Diastole (pronounced /daɪˈæstəliː/ ) is the time during a heart beat when the heart fills with blood after a contraction.
Díaz was a Cuban photographer.
Díaz was a second generation wrestler, son of luchador Ray Mendoza and the father of professional wrestlers Villano III Jr. and El Hijo de Villano III himself.
Dickens was hospitalized after a stroke on December 25, 2014.
Dick Haymes, American singer and actor (d.
DID is always diagnosed by what patients tell their doctors and what the doctor thinks this means.
Dido is Purcell's only true opera.
Dido is very sad and very angry.
Diego Costa remained at Braga in 2007 but on a loan spell.
Die Lollipops has featured two singers at a time for most of its history; generally these have been girls between the ages of about 11 and 16. Because the band has been around for nine years, they must replace their singers with new ones every few years.
Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.
Diesel units were converted for various tasks, including application of sandite, route learning, use as tractor units to tow other trains, and conversion to test trains.
Different coat types shed differently, but they all shed year-round.
Different dating methods may be needed to confirm the age of a sample.
Different game shows use different games.
Different kinds of plywood are made for different purposes.
Different kinds of RAM usually will not work together in the same computer.
Different members of the Eastern Orthodox churches have different opinions.
Different organisms have different food requirements, and they eat different things in order to meet those requirements.
Different people will have different obsessive thoughts.
Different states could decide completely different things, so the laws might be completely different in one state than another.
Different studies find different numbers of people with gender dysphoria.
Different universities have varied equivalence range, while passing grades are subject to imposed academic quality of an institution.
Different writers give her different names.
Difficulty can result from factors such as greater training requirement, job intensity or safety hazards.
Dig: Digging is the ability to prevent the ball from touching one's court after a spike or attack, particularly a ball that is nearly touching the ground.
Digging with its strong, clawed feet, this solitary mammal excavates long, complex burrows.
Digital Audio Broadcasting is similar, but for audio.
Digital cameras create raster pictures but artists can make them with computers too.
Digital Collection.
Digital keyboards are portable, and can be used to make similar sounds anywhere.
Digital marketing is advertising delivered through digital channels.
Digital systems are now universal.
Digital versions of the album show a pink background, while the physical album has a black background.
Dillingham was once known as the Pacific salmon capital of the world.
DiMaggio retired from baseball, and Marilyn became very famous.
Din Djarin is a lone bounty hunter that does his business in the outer reaches of the galaxy.
Dine and dash is eating or drinking in a restaurant or similar places without paying or unable to pay.
Diners crack open the top and then pull down each bamboo strip like a flower until the sticky rice is reached.
Dippers are a group of perching birds whose habitat includes aquatic environments in the Americas, Europe and Asia.
Dipsy is the most stubborn of the Teletubbies, and will sometimes refuse to go along with the other Teletubbies' opinion.
Direct descendant of The Brotherhood of the Solar Flower, originally had no name or fixed members, but about 15 musicians took turns on the instruments.
Directly in front of the gardens, you'll see the baroque San Marcos Temple, its tiled dome glinting in the sun.
Di Resta finished seventh in the standings with one race win.
Dirickx played for Union Saint-Gilloise.
Disassemblers are programs that help programmers do that by transforming the machine code of the program back into assembly language, which is much easier to understand.
Disney Television Animation (DTVA) is the television animation production arm of the Disney Channels Worldwide.
Displaced residents are only expected to stay for three to six months.
Displeased with ill-fame attributed him, Peisley wrote the editor of the Bathurst Free Press and Mining Journal by letter dated “Fish River, 4th September, 1861.”
Disraeli was made Earl of Beaconsfield by Victoria in 1876.
Dissatisfaction occurs when we fail at doing something many times.
Dissertation at Leipzig University.
Distillation can be done anywhere, whether it's in a house or a laboratory, but in most countries it is illegal to distill alcohol without a license.
Distributed by Students for a Democratic Society for the Liberal Study Group, National Student Association, 1962.
Distrust was growing between the Army and the local militias over the colonists taking more land.
Divers face dangers that can hurt or kill them if they don't know what to do.
Divers have reported that Great Hammerhead Sharks are shy and avoid humans, but there have been reports of Great Hammerhead Sharks approaching divers closely and even chasing them.
Diversity and evolutionary trends of the Family Rhinocerotidae (Perissodactyla).
Divided into 4 regions: North, East, West, and South.
Division 2 to SFL Division 1 in the 2003-04 season.
Division I Football Championship, the postseason tournament of the second-level Football Championship Subdivision (FCS).
Divorce in Australia follows the no-fault principle, which was established by the Family Law Act 1975.
Dixon, Never Come to Peace, 104.
Dizziness is a disability in spatial perception and stability.
DKA happens when a person does not have enough insulin in their body.
DLC packs include maps from previous games, but they mostly need payment to unlock them.
Doctors and nurses at the hospital liked him.
Doctors are studying the exact causes of Parkinson's.
Doctors can give medicine to treat an STD.
Doctors can then decide whether life-saving surgery must be performed.
Doctors get into both tragic and funny situations.
Doctors learned he had retinitis pigmentosa, an eye disease that means he sees worse over time.
Doctors often talk about common medical tests and treatments by using abbreviations.
Documents (including stone objects) written in more than one language provided the clues.
Dodd sent Bryant a letter asking Bryant to suspend Holt.
Dodds, his pre-algebra teacher, witnesses the whole scene and tells him to follow her into the museum for a "talk."
Dodson The name "Cairo Stone" is also used to mean only those pieces kept in Cairo.
Dog expert Cesar Milan said Bo was part of a larger group known as "rescue dogs".
Dog River, Deer River, and East Fowl River empty into the western side of the bay, and Fish River is across the bay on the eastern shore.
Doing so, they become stronger and can learn more powerful moves, but learn moves at higher levels.
Doing the above (without naming the columns) might result in inputting the data in an incorrect column or the statement might not run correctly - when the value types are mismatched (for example trying to input a word into a column storing only numbers).
"Do It like a Dude" was awarded Best Song at the 2011 MOBO Awards.
Dollhouse first aired on February 13, 2009.
Domesticated chinchillas are thought to be of the C. lanigera species.
Dominguez died on 12 April 2015 from lung disease at the age of 65.
"Dominion" status (near complete autonomy within the Empire).
Dompig indicated pressure from Holloway's family caused them to stop their surveillance prematurely and to detain the three suspects.
Donald, his sister Della Duck and his sons Huey, Dewey, and Louie are the descendants of the clan through their maternal lineage.
Donald learns from Fred how to not show feelings of weakness nor how to be kind to others.
Donations from foundations which are funded by political parties or receive most of their funding from governments are also rejected.
Dongjiang, Beijiang and Xijiang were the most important rivers in Guangdong.
Doolittle took a leave of absence in October 1917 to enlist in the Signal Corps Reserve as a flying cadet.
Doppler effects can be represented as echoes, pitch/amplitude adjustments, and oscillations.
Do refer information seekers to your leader in a polite manner.
Dorothy would star in over 100 short movies and feature movies.
Dorrance found that workers had time on their hands watching the soup cook in the factory.
Dosage is how much medication needs to be taken to make the medication do what it is supposed to.
Dos Equis is well known in Mexico and the United States.
Dostoevsky began the idea of Crime and Punishment in the summer of 1865.
Dostoevsky, though, had argued with Katkov in the early 1860s, and had never printed anything in the journal.
Do the people who exercise tend to live longer than those who don't?
Double barreled French fowling piece, fully carved and engraved.
Double-entry bookkeeping is where there is a debit and credit entry for every transaction.
Double factorial is a method of calculating how many times a number is repeated in a geometric equation.
Double parity RAID (also called diagonal parity RAID) citation uses a different polynomial for each of these parity blocks.
Douglas John Malin citation (14 February 1928 1 January 2021), known as Mark Eden, was an English actor.
Douglass is part of Douglass USD 396 public school district.
Dover is one of the main ports in Kent.
Dowd, Spirited Resistance, 34. It was a powerful message for a people whose world was being changed by forces that seemed beyond their control.
Dowd, War under Heaven, 139.
Down at the river, Doc Ock has rebuilt his reactor, this one much larger than before.
Downstream, the Tujunga Wash flows south and halfway to the Los Angeles River, is met by the Pacoima Wash.
Downtown, the holiday is used as a showcase for Chinese arts and customs.
Downtown Wichita is at coord (37.688888, −97.336111).
Doxing was originally started, back in the 1980s to 1990s, by black-hat hackers and penetration testers of the time to silence and/or intimate their hacker rivals in the BBS and internet communities.
D. P. Kirby, The Earliest English Kings, Second Edition (London; New York: Routledge, 2000), p. 101 The remaining underkings in Wessex did not oppose him and kept their territories.
Draft is a word describe the height of the part of a ship that is below the water line.
Dragon Ball is based the first 194 chapters of the manga, while Dragon Ball Z is based on the last 325 chapters and last 26 volumes of the Dragon Ball manga.
Dramatic monologues are usually written in blank verse.
Dravidian languages were probably spoken over a larger area of the Indian subcontinent in the past.
Drawing the letter p.
Dr.B.R.Ambedkar was the Chairman of one of the most important committees, i.e., the Drafting Committee.
Dr. David was a Canadian naval surgeon in the Persian Gulf War in the year 1991.
Dreamtime was all four of these things at the same time because it is more powerful than time and space.
Drebber and Stragerson split up; the drunken Drebber gets himself thrown out of his boarding house for trying to court the landladys daughter.
Dresden was a station on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.
Dress clothing is often worn for nights out.
Drivers did not score points for themselves.
Dr. Kruszelnicki was awarded the Ig Nobel Prize for Interdisciplinary Research in 2002. citation The Ig Nobel Prize is given for "achievements that cannot or should not be repeated".
Dr. Mario was also rated by ScrewAttack as the seventh best Mario game of all time. citation Overall, Dr. Mario has scored a press average of 7.6 on GameStats.
Dr. Moreau wrote a book in 1846 about the cannabis and the drug taking experiments of the club.
Drosophila vary widely in their reproductive capacity.
'Drowning' is the addition of a nonsolvent in the solution that decreases the solubility of the solid.
Dr. Perl began work as a gynecologist in New York's Mount Sinai Hospital, and delivered around 3,000 babies in New York alone.
Dr. Schön’s son Alwa arrives, excuses himself, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
D.R. Thorpe says the Suez Crisis "was a truly tragic end to his premiership, and one that came to assume a disproportionate importance in any assessment of his career".
Drumming is the most important element of Pungmul.
Drusilla realizes she was stupid to lend Otho her clothes.
Dry the hands with the sterile cloth and put on surgical shirt or dress.
Dry yerba, on the other hand, allows a cleaner and easier insertion of the bombilla, though care must be taken so as not to overly disturb the arrangement of the yerba.
DS is the first Mario Kart game ever to have computer opponents in battle mode.
DSL has been demonstrated browsing the web with Dillo, running simple games and playing music on systems with a 486 processor and 16 MB of RAM.
D.s or the terminal degrees in their field.
Dual tires are no longer used on new trucks.
Duckweed being grown in a test setup to produce food for animals.
Duckweed may be used for wastewater treatment to capture toxins and for odor control.
Ductility and malleability do not always go together.
Dudley knew that if either of Edward's half-sisters, Mary or Elizabeth, became queen, he would not be powerful anymore.
Duel in the Sun and Night of the Hunter.
Duelling pistols were made in matched pairs and usually were in a case.
Due to a counting error, every 3rd year was a leap year instead of the 4th.
Due to an incident involving a CD vendor who made an unofficial and broken release labeled 1.0, an official 1.0 release was never made.
Due to Gibson's remarkable 1968 season, considered by some the greatest pitching performance, MLB decided to lower the pitching mound.
Due to high demand, many colleges and some departments require advance booking for their events.
Due to its proximity, attention was immediately paid to it, and Mexico began issuing watches early the next day.
Due to large number of Tibetan moving to west, the number of populations has been lessening.
Due to legal constraints, they only appear only in one game.
Due to the anatomy of the eye, dogs can see better in dim light than humans.
Due to the changes of the spoken Chinese over the centuries, spoken Chinese lost many sounds that existed in older dialects, and therefore many words in Classical Chinese were beginning to sound too much like each other.
Due to the construction of the Overland telegraph Line, the area was opened up to exploring, and Ernest Giles was also looking for a path to the West.
Due to the fertile soil the area around Soest was used long before 836 when the village is first mentioned in the Dagobertsche Schenkung, although the origin of this document is historically unknown.
Due to the lack in direct contact with the hot rocks as well as some heat loss from lack of a good insulating material, the energy output is not as high as in ordinary geothermal systems.
Due to the legal problems, version 2.0 of the software was stuck in beta stages.
Due to the nature of automobiles to lose value with time, Auto loans usually have high interest rates.
Due to the Omnidroid's advanced intelligence, it recognizes Syndrome as a threat to itself, shooting off the controller from his wrist, rendering him unable to control it, and knocking him out.
Due to the way the word is pronounced it naturally forces people to smile enticing others to smile or even laugh.
Dugommier was killed in the Battle of the Black Mountain in November.
Duhem's idea was more subtle.
Dumbledore offered Remus a job for the Defence Against The Dark Arts post at Hogwarts and Lupin immediately accepted.
Dundee is not part of the council area but is a council area on its own.
Dunham has missed only one ConVENTion since then, in 1977.
Dunham's television debut came in 1976 when the still prepubescent performer caught the attention of Dallas reporters like Bill O'Reilly, who interviewed Dunham for a local news story.
Dunn was shot and badly hurt when the police went to capture him on 26 December 1865.
Durant is home to Southeastern Oklahoma State University and the headquarters of the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma.
Dürer was admired by the Venetians, but he was back in Nuremberg by mid-1507.
During 1918-1921, and 1991-1995 its full name was the Republic of Georgia.
During 1943 and 1944, U.S. Army, Navy and Marine Corps representatives considered increasing their numbers of American Indian code talkers.
During 2007, almost 1.3 million U.S. homes began foreclosure proceedings.
During a broadcast on July 20, Baekhyun confirmed that the group would release a reissue of the album.
During all these years, her husband was working as a lawyer.
During all this time, Penelope has been keeping the suitors at bay with a ruse (trick).
During an interview for the episode, Silverstein said, "I am the most frustrated person in the world.
During an interview, Pokémon Company president Tsunekazu Ishihara said that they knew Charizard would be popular with North Americans, because they like strong, powerful characters.
During a rush, people who want to join a chapter will talk to current members.
During Byrd’s lifetime the monarchs who reigned had different ideas about what church music should be like.
During development, it was known as "Windows Blue", while the original version, Windows 8.0, was codenamed "Midori".
During her career, Claudette Colbert played in sixty-five movies.
During her tenure she criticised the Irish system of permits for non-
During her time in the assembly, she represented Tiwi (1977–1983), Koolpinyah (1983–1990) and Nelson (1990–1997).
During her time in war she went to extremes to keep her identity a secret.
During high school, he practiced at least 8 hours per day.
During his basketball career, Christian played in several countries, including Lithuania and China.
During his career he also served twice as Deputy Prime Minister, from 1975 to 1976 and from 1987 to 1989. citation From 1987 to 1996, Sorsa served on the governing board of the Bank of Finland.
During his final years Falla was composing a very large work called Atlántida.
During his NHL career he was in the top 10 leading scorers ten times.
During his performance two men started a fight knocking over one of them and the hall was burning.
During his presidency, he suspended active Russian aggression in eastern Ukraine and gained Ukraine's foreign policy support from Western (Europe and North America) countries.
During his rule Iraq had high economic growth due to high international oil prices.
During his time as a king, he tried to expand Sweden's empire.
During his time in Japan, he tag teamed with Stan Hansen.
During his time in office, he was a Toronto Maple Leafs player.
During his time in tag team competition, he won the Chikara Campeonatos de Parejas twice, the JCW Tag Team Championship once, and the CZW World Tag Team Championship twice.
During his time playing college hockey, he was named as a Hobey Baker Award finalist.
During his time there, he was named the ECAC Hockey Best Defensive Forward in the 2004–05 season.
During his time there, Odysseus tell the story of his journey.
During its 72-year history, the republic's borders changed many times.
During its long time in service, the M1918 was developed further and further.
During its most successful period in the 1920s and 1930s, it dominated the civil aviation market.
During martial law in Poland he established independent Radio Solidarity.
During Mia's twenty first birthday party, she dances with all the eligible bachelors in hope of finding a husband.
During Mr. Bartholomew's tenure, the housing authority started an expansion program designed to help the growing needs of the elderly population.
During other episodes including (TNG: Future Imperfect) the TNG crew had a different way to show rank.
During sexual intercourse, it is common practice to press or massage breasts with hands.
During that same time he had straight pool runs of 100 or more points in 24 out of the 250 exhibitions.
During that time, people were allowed to disguise themselves by wearing masks in the street.
During that time, the team had a record of 12 wins, 10 losses and 1 tie.
During the 12 day nursing period, the mother does not eat.
During the 1770s he was a good friend of the Mozart family.
During the 17th and 18th century, people believed Chalybeate had health benefits.
During the 17th century, over half of indentured servants died before their indentures had ended.
During the 1840s the blight damaged crops in Scotland and Europe also.
During the 1880s the was sold and a small town was started.
During the 1940s and 1950s, she played with the big band the International Sweethearts of Rhythm.
During the 1960s, the two titles (Compact and Calling All Girls) merged into Young Miss.
During the 1980s, Escobar became known internationally because his drug network became famous.
During the 1990's, both the men's and the women's teams played in the Swedish top division.
During the 19th century the university returned to its local known as the "Casona", next to the university park.
During the 2011 NLL season, the Toronto Rock won the league championship for the sixth time.
During the 2019 Stanley Cup Playoffs, the Vegas Knights were leading the series in the first round three to one against San Jose Sharks, but failed to advance.
During the actual fighting in Kargil, the Indian Government was careful not to use the term "war", calling it a "war-like situation", even though both nations indicated that they were in a "state of war".
During the Age of Sail, brigs were seen as fast and maneuverable.
During the call, Trump falsely suggested that Raffensperger could have committed a criminal offense.
During the campaign, Contreras sited his major Achievements in his first term and embodied the road ahead for Cayo West.
During the campaign, he actively supported another candidate, Vincent Gray.
During the Cenozoic, mammals diverged from a few small, simple, generalized forms into a diverse collection of terrestrial, marine, and flying animals.
During the Civil War of 1922-23, the new Free State set up the Criminal Investigation Department as an armed, plain-clothed counter-insurgency unit.
During the day he became more confident and flew out over the sea, where the glider finally crashed.
During the day they rest high in the trees, clinging to trunks or hiding in tree holes.
During the day time, bullfrogs may swim around.
During the day, when adult individuals are not swarming, they cover the comb face of the nest several layers thick.
During the early 1960s her movies were popular, but in the late 1960s her acting career began declining.
During the early morning hours on December 11, soldiers assembled the pontoon bridges so the army could cross.
During the exhibit, he received a large amount of encouragement.
During the first wave, women began to realize that they must first gain political power before they could bring about social change.
During the First World War, the whole village was destroyed by bombing.
During the forced collectivization and other extreme socioeconomic changes of the first decades of Soviet rule, pastoral nomadism ceased to be an economic alternative in Turkmenistan, and by the late 1930s the majority of Turkmen had become sedentary.
During the fourth hour, Saldivar exclaimed that the gun was meant for herself.
During their occupation of Britain the Romans built an extensive network of roads.
During their study, they added a continuous distractor task to free recall to suppress STM.
During the last week of July 1683, Marie Thérèse fell ill.
During the Middle Ages people made pilgrimages to churches and shrines where pieces of the cross were kept, and touched the wood in the hope of being cured of a sickness or infirmity.
During the mid-early 19th century, Krakow became an independent city-state, under the name of "The Free, Independent and Strictly Neutral City of Krakow".
During the next 15 years, various racers improved the record to more than 56 km.
During the next 28 years he composed another 20 operas.
During the next 35 years, he built a new city and populated it with artisans and craftsmen from all of the places he had conquered.
During the nineteenth century many small countries started cooperating with each other.
During the occupation of Austria by Nazi-Germany he and his team were very successful.
During the Oligocene, the world continued to get cooler from its peak in the mid-Eocene.
During the presidency of General Juan Domingo Perón, that company was renamed General Roca Railroad until today.
During the process of rescuing the hostages, Ji was shot two times by the Special Squad in the house.
During the promotion for "Caroline's a Victim/Birds", Nash supported an English singer who goes by the name of Get Cape.
During the race, a race official tried to stop her and take her number away.
During the recording of The Final Cut, there was a lot of tension between Waters and the other members of the band, particularly Gilmour, who now says that he doesn't like most of the album.
During the regeneration, their body heals and renews itself.
During the reign of King Sunjo and King Kojong, the overhaul of the stream was continued.
During the same time when she was First Lady, Cordero was President of the National System for Integral Family Development.
During the season finale of the show, Stork chose school teacher, Sarah Stone, who coincidentally lived only a few blocks away from his residence.
During the session, however, Lillith turns the evaluation around, asking Douglas what his fears are and subtly threatening him.
During the seventies, the band went through several drummers, including Alan Moore, John Hinch, Simon Phillips and Les Binks.
During the surgery 1,000 to 2,000 laser burns are placed in the areas of the retina away from the macula, causing the abnormal blood vessels to shrink.
During the Syrian Civil War, Suheil al-Hassan has served and commanded his troops during several major engagements, including Operation Canopus Star and the battle for the Shaer gas field.
During the time of partition, Sikh Cheema families migrated to Indian Punjab.
During the time of the Third Reich Heinz Ditgens became the first Borussia player who played for Germany.
During the winter of 1777-1778, there was less fighting because it was too cold and snowy.
During the winter, the high temperature is usually in the mid- to upper-
During the Year of the Elephant, the city was involved in several events.
During this home, she falls in love with Starr's husband.
During this period, it was discovered the tomb of the Apostle St James.
During this time, a woman needs to use other types of contraception in order to prevent pregnancy.
During this time, Caldecote was under the ownership of Bishop of Chester.
During this time, he filmed in Libya, Algeria, Palestine and Israel, Yemen, Rwanda, Chiapas, etc…
During this time, he learned many things like how to get in touch with nature and spend time with himself.
During this time he was often injured.
During this time he won his first three championships.
During this time, it has passed overhead once and underfoot once, so in many places the period of strongest tidal forcing is the above-mentioned, about 12 hours and 25 minutes.
During this time she developed a style of her own.
During this time, the natives assimilated the Spanish culture to a large extent.
During unusually dry years a perennial stream may stop flowing.
During Wagner's life the festival just performed the Ring Cycle and, later, his opera Parsifal.
During winter, the birds move to flooded areas, shallow sheltered bays, and swampy meadows.
During World War II Aantjes became a member of the Germanic SS in order to escape forced labor.
Durrës is home to Albania's main port, the Port of Durrës.
Dusdedit had died.
Dusty Johnson is the representative since elected in 2018.
Dutch Ceyoln was an entity that existed from 1640 to 1796.
Dutchess satin is used extensively for bridal wear and accessories, due to its pearly sheen and structural stability.
Dutch situation just before the Rotterdam Blitz.
Duval chaired the informatics section citation of the computer science department citation of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven.
Dvořák rewrote his opera King and Charcoal Burner, using completely different music.
D.” was originally placed before the year number (e.g. A.D. 145); then “B.
Dyantyi was elected to the Eastern Cape Provincial Legislature in 2014.
Dyes also have side effects which lakes do not, including the fact that large amounts of dyes ingested can color stools.
"Dylan & Cole Sprouse Interview for CTA in London on 29 January 2011 In aid of Starlight Children's Foundation."
Dylan Thomas Sprouse (born August 4, 1992) citation is an American actor and businessman.
Dynamic Random-Access Memory (DRAM) makes up the typical computing device's RAM and, as was previously noted, it needs that power to be on to retain stored data.
Dyotropic reactions were first described by Manfred T. Reetz in 1971.
E17 is too old now so E16 is the new default environment.
Each branch municipality in turn contains several districts, amounting to over 130 in total, though some districts are divided between more than one branch municipality.
Each buyer knows how much he is willing to pay, but does not know the price the other buyers are willing to pay.
Each capsule does something different, including increasing the number of dice blocks a player can roll, and taking away coins from an opponent.
Each car is assigned a 4 digit serial number.
Each car was mechanically identical.
Each category is linked to relevant categories; the categories have a tree-like structure too.
Each cell creates one printing dot later in the process.
Each chart is dated with the "week-ending" date of the previous Thursday (i.e. the day before issue).
Each Checkpoint the offensive team pushes the cart over will give them extra time to get the cart to the end of the track.
Each clan is led by a hereditary chief.
Each condition is given a code, made up of numbers or a combination of numbers and letters.
Each congregation is one ward (or branch).
Each day for the next nine years, nine months and fifteen days, Hachikō waited for Ueno's return.
Each deaf community can develop its own sign language.
Each district might contain one or more cities or one or more RDs (rural districts).
Each DRAM cell has a charge or lack of charge held in an electrical capacitor.
Each edge is labeled with its weight, which here is roughly proportional to its length.
Each episode of Good Eats has its own theme.
Each frame must be drawn separately; FlipBook intentionally does not support skeletal animation or morph target animation, as these are not part of the traditional animator's toolkit.
Each game in the series has a number of playable characters called "fighters".
Each heme group has one iron atom.
Each House has its own colour such as black, blue or red, just like the students’ PE uniform.
Each integer is either larger than, equal to, or smaller than any other integer.
Each is roughly the same as an election district.
Each key can play a different range of notes.
Each nation in charge would bring its own cook and, in the American, French, and British months, feed the prisoners better than regulations allowed.
Each new prefecture had one or more ichinomiya.
Each of the five state Supreme Courts said the death sentences were fair and legal.
Each of the games usually involves the evil undead ghost/zombie pirate LeChuck and the island which gave the series its name.
Each of these "Netherlands" had a high degree of autonomy.
Each of these symbols has more than one possible meaning, and are all used to state that two things are about equal (or equivalent in some way).
Each of these temples has a unique history and different reason to worship Lord Murugan.
Each of these variants can bind to a different antigen.
Each of those has a letter code from A to Z. (The letter I is not used.) The letters start with A in the northwest corner and go to Z in the southeast corner.
Each one offered a reward: wealth, success in battle and the most beautiful woman in the world as his wife.
Each one of them is worth $2,000,000 and they opened a segment of the year's fashion show while wearing them.
Each part had four pictures of flowers, flowering trees, or fruit.
Each person does what they need to without others to lead them.
Each player moves pieces around a board.
Each point is usually called a vertex (more than one are called vertices), and the lines are called edges.
Each prayer accepted, and each wish resigned.”
Each programme has two teams of three people.
Each quadrant is graduated from 0° to 90°.
Each show also had different championships and bosses.
Each small town has one float.
Each sport features special moves that the characters can use.
Each store has its own space with walls.
Each time a player swings at his ball, it is considered a "stroke".
Each time he sent inspectors on a raid to check out suspected cheaters, their records were always in good order.
Each time it had a different b-side.
Each time, the northeastern part broke before the southwestern part. citation In 1707, the earthquakes were either at the same time, or close enough together so that writing from that time do not describe them separately.
Each trophic class has different types of fish and other organisms which live in them.
Each type of zooid does not have some structure and functions.
Each university sings Batnorae and Wonsirim when the team scores in each sports events.
Each world ends with a boss level, where the player has to either battle a boss or survive it to beat the level.
Each year around 30,000 properties are added to the National Register as part of districts or through individual listings.
Each year, class presidents are elected by the students through voting in the school.
Each year he organizes a group of volunteers from around the world to travel to various countries where they dress as clowns in an effort to bring humor to orphans, patients, and other people.
Each year major festivities called barrio fiestas are held.
Each year, most of the trackside fencing, pedestrian overpasses, grandstands and other motorsport infrastructure must be erected for the race.
Each year since 2001, the commune has hosted GMG (aka Giornata Mondiale Guzzi or Worldwide Guzzi Days).
Each year, the Marshallese host a homecoming event so friends and relatives can get together to celebrate, stay in touch with politics at home, and spread their island culture.
Each Yoshi has a different color.
Earlier on 6 March, a member of the party, Geoff Shaw, resigned which meant Baillieu no longer had a workable majority in Parliament.
Earlier this year, Suur-Hamari also won the men’s cross and banked slalom SB-LL2 events at World Cups in Landgraaf and Pyha.
Earlier titles considered for the manga were Dolls, Chronoa, and Zone.
Earliest fourteenth named storm.
Earliest seventh named storm.
Earlington was founded by European Americans in 1870 around the area coal fields.
Early breakouts include Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble's Texas Flood album including their Hits, Texas Flood, and their upbeat version of Pride and Joy.
Early China Special Monograph Series No. 4. Berkeley: The Society for the Study of Early China and the Institute of East Asian Studies, University of California, Berkeley.
Early costumes were usually scary.
Early Egyptian medicine was based on a mixture of magic and religious spells.
Early in her career she was also published under the pen name Jane Fraser.
Early in his reign, he tried to make France more modern.
Early in Hitman: Absolution, 47 tries to remove his iconic bar code with a razor, but it remains visible at the end of the game.
Early in the development of his theory Freud saw sexual energy as the only source of energy for the id.
Early in the season, they also meet four guys from another school, Redfountain.
Early on August 24, Chantal dissipated.
Early on August 3, the remmants of Tropical Depression Lando dissipated completely, without ever reaching Luzon.
Early residents found that Kansas was not the "
Early shows were good but soon because impossible to control.
Early trades unions were only for skilled “
Early work: The "Wall of Sound"
Earp moved constantly throughout his life from one boomtown to another.
Earth and Planetary Science Letters 176 (1): 17–30.
EarthBound is a turn-based role-playing game.
Earth does change its magnetic poles every million years (plus or minus 200,000 years).
Earthquake food-supply headquarters started national level Ⅱ earthquake emergency response.
EASA is tasked by Article 15(4) of Regulation (EC) No 216/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 February 2008 to provide a review of aviation safety each year.
Eastern dwarf tree frog eggs.
Eastern tiger salamanders are big, with a normal length of 6–8 inches (15–20 cm).
East Lynne is a 1916 American drama movie directed by Bertman Bracken and based on the 1861 novel of the same name by Ellen Wood.
Eastward of the station towards Tiong Bahru Estate, the tracks lose elevation until they level out when sufficiently underground.
Eastwood was also mayor of Derry from 2010 to 2011.
Ebony magazine In Langston Hughes:100th birthday celebration of the poet of Black America.
E.B. White himself wrote of the film: "The story is interrupted every few minutes so that somebody can sing a jolly song.
Eckstein held dual citizenship in the U.S. and Israel, having become an Israeli citizen in 2002.
Eclipses occur for observers on both Earth and the Moon whenever the two bodies and the Sun align in a straight line, or syzygy.
E-commerce sites often have consumer reviews for products and sellers separately.
Economic growth above national average (especially in Amazonas and in Tocantins).
Economists agree on the positive role that 'good' incentives play to increase production.
Economists measure inflation regularly to know an economy's state.
Ecotourism is now in continuous development.
Ecotypic variation in the context of global climate change: revisiting the rules.
Ecozones are characterized by the evolutionary history of the plants and animals they contain.
Ecozones correspond to the floristic kingdoms of botany or zoogeographic regions of mammal zoology.
Edith is not very smart and does not understand some of the things Archie says.
Edmund sneaks off to visit the Witch while they are at the Beaver's house.
Edna St. Vincent Millay became a famous author by adding the newest point of view with old ones to form a special American poetry.
Ed Peck, who was on board the ship Sfendoni, said that the Israelite troopers were well-trained, and behaved well.
Eduard Bauer died 1948 in duty through complications after an operation.
Education in Ayden is administered by the Pitt County Public School System.
Edward Brovarski: Two Old Kingdom writing boards from Giza.
Edward had promised to each of them that they would be king.
Edward Joseph King (May 11, 1925 – September 18, 2006) was an American politician.
Edward married secondly, Elfleda, a daughter of Æthelhelm.
Edwards, M. (1997) "Treatment for Paedophiles; Treatment for Sex Offenders."
Edward was suspected by all the people in the village.
EEG studies showed lower than normal activity in the fusiform face area (FFA), a brain region that is usually active when seeing faces.
Eemsdelta was established on January 1, 2021.
Effects are made by opening and covering the lower end of the head joint with the hand while blowing.
Efferent nerves take messages from the CNS to the body.
Egg fragments from these animals such as quail and turkey were also found to be a primary use of protein.
Eggs Benedict is a dish usually served at breakfast.
Egypt first observed DST in 1940, but ended in 1945.
Egyptian pyramids are often contain chambers and passages.
Egyptians paid vast amounts of money to have their bodies properly preserved.
Egypt is the host of this tournament.
Egyptologists have found many thousands of ibis mummies in tombs.
Eight Core Industries are Electricity, steel, refinery products, crude oil, coal, cement, natural gas and fertilizers.
Eighteen teams each played 80 games.
Eight foreign governments used to support and fund the Bureau.
; eight grandchildren and six great-grandchildren.
Eight of the screens are digital.
Eight out of the 100 best colleges in Mexico are in Aguascalientes.
Eight players from the Bruins would go on to play in the NHL.
Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card.
Eighty-Eight Years: The Long Death of Slavery in the United States, 1777–1865.
Eighty years ago: the beginnings of population genetics.
Eilean Annraidh (island of storm) and Eilean Chalbha (calf island) are larger islands to the north.
Eilish has an older brother, Finneas, who worked with her on some of her musical projects.
Ein cannot speak, but he seems to understand what people say.
Einstein himself did not have the idea of a "
Einstein's first daughter was Lieserl Einstein.
Einstein was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for this theory.
Eisner is thought to be one of the most famous cartoonist.
È is used widely in poetry, e.g. in Shakespeare's sonnets.
Ekkadu Srinivasan Lakshmi Narasimhan (born 1945) citation is an Indian politician.
Elaine Mulqueen (January 27, 1932 – May 22, 2012) was an American children's television host and personality.
El Al serves 48 destinations.
Elastic potential energy is the energy saved in an object that is stretched, compressed (
Elba and the other islands (
Eleanor always enjoyed the good graces of her uncle Theodore Roosevelt, the main figure of the Oyster Bay Roosevelts.
Eleanor Bron (born 14 March 1938) is an English actress and an author.
Eleanor Holmes Norton (born June 13, 1937) is an American politician.
Eleanor of Castile died on 28 November 1290.
Elections are held every 3 years.
Elections for congress happen at the same time as the election for president.
Elector Ernest died in 1486, and was succeeded by his son, Frederick III, the Wise.
Electrical power transmission has replaced mechanical power transmission in all but the very shortest distances.
Electrical signals are fed to the recording head, inducing a pattern of magnetization similar to the signal.
Electrical signals are not able to cross the gap between most neurons.
Electric vehicles are allowed for local commerces.
Electronic equipment located outside the brain can then send signals to specific parts of the person's brain.
Electronic Journal of Vedic Studies, 1 (4): 1–26.
Electrons can also align themselves against a magnetic field in ways that would be impossible in the everyday world.
Elephants: majestic creatures of the wild.
Elepong was the first Japanese designed coin operated game.
Elevations of around 800 metres or over are common, as are mountains exceeding 1000 metres.
Eleven of the honourees have been added after their death.
Eleven other historical counties have been in Massachusetts.
Eleven students graduated in the first class in 1845.
Elgin is first documented in the Cartulary of Moray in 1190.
Eligibility requirements for the Senate are the same as for the Chamber.
Eligible games were Mario Golf: Toadstool Tour, 1080° Avalanche, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, Pokémon Channel, Tak and the Power of Juju, and Kirby Air Ride.
Elisabeth had an informal upbringing, before marrying Franz Joseph.
Elisha Gerald "Jerry" Hopkins (November 9, 1935 June 3, 2018) was an American journalist and author.
Elissa performing in November 2009.
Elizabeth Bennet, the second daughter of Mrs. Bennet, seems to despise Mr. Darcy.
Elizabeth I was the last Tudor monarch, and reigned for 44 years.
Elizabeth Marie Tall Chief (stage name Maria Tallchief; January 24, 1925 - April 11, 2013) was the first person of Native American descent to become prima ballerina for a major company.
Elizabeth Stuart now had a higher status.
Ellen also meets her silly high school teacher, Mr. Munn.
Ellis County was created on February 26, 1867.
Ellis was the brother of Annie Ellis.
Elsa Raven (born Elsa Rabinowitz; September 21, 1929 November 3, 2020) was an American actress.
"El Toro Relajo" was also recorded for the Don Juan DeMarco soundtrack.
El Universal (Mexico City).
Ely suffered less than many other monasteries, but even so, statues were destroyed together with carvings and stained glass.
E-mart stores also provide home delivery service.
Embryo transfer is a medical procedure.
Emergent properties give an evolutionary advantage to members of the school which non-members do not receive.
Emerson returned to Missouri taking his slaves with him. citation In 1843 Emerson died in Missouri.
Emily drives the car off a pier.
Emily Webster Murphy (born 1973) is an American attorney and government official.
Emma became Queen-regent for her daughter until 1898.
Emmanuel Goldstein (who may not be real either) says that the Party makes people think Big Brother is its leader because people find it easier to love one person than a group of people.
Emmett High School was closed through school unification.
Emmy Schörg (March 1930 – 12 June 2020) was an Austrian stage actress.
Emo fashion also has been often confused with goth fashion and scene fashion.
Empathy is found in many, perhaps all, mammals, Gwen Duwar 2008.
Empathy is understanding and feeling another person's emotions as they feel them, but makes no statement as to how they are viewed.
Emperor Meiji wanted Japan to become Westernized.
Emperor Penguins are black and white like all penguins, and the sides of their neck and chest are golden.
Emperor Wu of Jìn (Zh 236 - 290) was the founder of Western Jin Dynasty.
Enantiomers are stereoisomers that are like mirror images of each other but can't be turned around or moved so that they are the same, the way a right hand and a left hand of the same person are mirror images of each other.
Encyclopaedia Metropolitana, these encyclopedias either went bankrupt or were not finished because the people writing them argued.
Encyclopedia of International Games.
Endgames with few pawns or pieces.
Endings of the show also featured Mandel breaking the proverbial "
Energy cannot be created or destroyed, only changed.
English clubs were the most present in the money league for the 2002–03 season.
English critics complained that English women copied it from France.
English department is the largest.
English is not a tonal language.
English settlement of Bridgetown began on 5 July 1628 citation under Charles Wolverstone.
English translation: "Max Planck, discoverer of the elementary quantum of action h, taught in this building from 1889 to 1928."
English versions of titles come after the Russian title.
Eni is present in 70 countries, and currently is Italy's largest industrial company.
"Enneabatrachus hechti" Jurassic West: The Dinosaurs of the Morrison Formation and Their World.
Ennis goes to Jack's parents to get his ashes.
Enrique Moreno (December 28, 1955 – October 10, 2019) was a Mexican-American attorney.
En route to the studio, Arthur is pursued by the two detectives onto a train filled with clown protesters.
Enters Assam through Sibsagar where ii is known as Dikhow river.
Enthalpy accounts for this energy.
Environmental regulations (laws) and low-pollution fuels (for example liquified natural gas) can reduce pollution.
Enzymes take big molecules and break them apart to make smaller molecules.
Eochaid was born around c. 860 as son of Run Macarthagail, king of Strathclyde and NN Ingen Cináed.
Epimetheus literally means "thinks after" and Prometheus means "thinks before".
Episode 8: It was told that there was a Hidden Immunity Idol located near the camp of the new Xhakúm tribe (the old Nakúm camp).
Episodes were shown weekly from the fourth series onwards.
Episodes with monsters in them are called "Monster-of-the-week" episodes.
Epstein was claimed to have used underaged girls to spy on those famous people, which allowed him to blackmail those famous people.
Equatorial Guinea has a weak healthcare system.
Equisetum is the only living genus of horsetails.
Eric Hilliard Nelson (May 8, 1940 – December 31, 1985) was an American rock and roll musician, singer-songwriter and actor.
Eric Rudolph carried out the attack.
Eric's mother had died when he was only seven years old.
Eric was elected king, but the coronation took place only in November 1210, after the Battle of Gestilren where he again defeated and killed Sverker II.
Erika killed 2 people and caused $10 million in damage.
Erik was no longer exiled from Iceland, so he returned the summer of 985. But when the fights with his neighbors began again, Erik decided to start advertising his new found land.
Erin Wasson (born January 20, 1982) is an American model, actress and designer.
Erkison thought that this stage is never complete.
Eros is one of the few NEAs bigger than 10 km across.
Erwin Reidinger: "The Temple Mount Platform in Jerusalem from Solomon to Herod: An Archaeological Re-Examination."
Esbon was a shipping point on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.
Escaldes-Engordany is also the name of the main town of the parish.
Esperanza and her mother are in fear of being deported.
Esperanza and her mother find work with their family as farm workers.
Essex is at least an ex-social smoker.
Estate of Cruzan, Estate No. CV384-9P (P. Div. Cir. Ct., Jasper County, Mo., July 27, 1988).
Esther Yu Sumner, 'Welcome to the Family', Ancestry Vol. 26, No. 6 (November–December 2008), p. 31 Pedigree collapse is generally caused by close relatives marrying in the past, which was common in many societies.
Estimated dates vary from 284 to 314. Garsoïan (op.cit. p. 82), following the research of Ananian, favours the latter.
Estimates made in 2006 by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) estimate that 52% of the nation's GDP, or $2.7 billion annually, is generated by the drug trade.
Estimates of frequency among children, however, vary widely.
Estrada was the first person in the present Fifth Republican period to be elected both President and Vice-President.
Etching by Pedro Perret from a drawing by Otto go Veen: Minerva protecting the youth.
Ethiopian and Eritrean Evangelical Christians are the result of American and European Protestant missionary work among youth who left the Orthodox Tewahedo churches because of theological differences, and later fanned by persecution against them.
Ethnic groups across national boundaries in mainland Southeast Asia.
Ethnic slurs and terms are notably taboo in today's society.
Ethology studies animal behaviour, but many ethologists have been interested in human behaviour.
Eucalypts have a habit of dropping entire branches off as they grow.
Eugene Wigner used group theory to explain the selection rules of atomic spectroscopy.
Eukaryote cells include organelles which were once free-living prokaryotes.
Euler was featured on the sixth series of the Swiss 10-
EU member countries have ambitious renewable energy goals.
Euplerids have definite breeding seasons.
Eureka Municipal Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport.
European Management is specifically defined by academic Andreas M. Kaplan as a cross-cultural, societal management approach based on interdisciplinary principles.
European mink populations have been decreasing because of ecological and commercial reasons.
European scientists later built eyeglasses, magnifying glasses, telescopes, and cameras from this book.
Europeans did not land on Oahu until 28 February 1779 when Captain Clerke of the HMS Resolution stepped ashore at Waimea Bay.
European Society of Human Genetics.
European tobacco pipes have been made from clay, tree root wood, meerschaum stone or even maize cobs.
Europe is at the center of the land hemisphere.
Europe's largest underground lead-zinc mine, Tara Mines, has operated since 1977, at a location to the west of Navan.
Europop is a form of pop music that originated in Europe during the late 1970s.
Euryale is well known for her loud cries, particularly after her younger sister's death.
Euskirchen district got the southern part of Rheinbach.
Eutin is surrounded by lakes of the Holsteinische Schweiz, including the Großer Eutiner See, Kleiner Eutiner See, Kellersee and Ukleisee.
Evacuation reached its peak on days five and six, when over 60,000 Allied soldiers escaped.
Evacuations are planned, and people should leave the zone of danger according to the plan.
Evacuations have been ordered.
Eva Mudocci - Google Art Project.
Evans-Pritchard married Ioma Nicholls in 1939 and the two of them had three sons and two daughters.
Evaporation occurs from geographic sinks.
Eva’s grand house is opposite Hans Sachs’ simple house.
Evelin and him were divorced on 30 April 2015.
Even a famous composer, Saint Saëns, did not know what the instrument was.
Even after her capture, Walker still continued to cross the line between the Confederates and Union to tend to the sick and wounded even after her experience of being imprisoned with the Confederates.
Even after the 1940s, when the researchers knew penicillin could cure these people, they refused to let them get treatment or even tell them that penicillin could help them.
Even after the disk failed, the data on the array can still be used.
Even after the formation of Pakistan, debates on whether Muslims and Hindus are distinct nationalities or not continued in India.
Even after this, Congress still takes control of the airports.
Even back in the 17th century, people disagreed about animal testing.
Even before Cornwallis's surrender in October, Arnold had requested permission from Clinton to go to England to give Lord Germain his thoughts on the war in person.
Even George, Duke of Saxony, called this town a nominated place ("namhaftigen Ort").
Even if a comfort animal is a dog or a miniature horse, being a comfort animal is not the same as being a service animal.
Even if we first unify the three forces of the Standard Model, we may continue to think of those forces as fundamental.
Even in these cases, therapeutic abortion is often legal.
Even more important were his operational successes, especially preventing the unification of numerically superior opposing armies and being at the right place at the right time to keep enemy armies out of Prussian core territory.
Even since then, October 11th, or the Friday closest to it, became the fair's starting date.
Even so, it still stands to this very day.
Even that article is not easy to understand.
Even the 1745 Baillou and Crescent clock Antoinette placed in the bedchamber has been restored to its place.
Even the director Kwak Kyung-taek is from Busan.
Even the name of the controlling body changed in 1988 - from Norfolk Port and Industrial Authority to Norfolk Airport Authority.
Even these early theriodonts were more mammal-like than their relatives.
Even though his father died when he was eight, and his first wife died a few years after marriage, Emerson wrote in a good way about his subjects.
Even though Jethalal constantly refuses to give Nattu Kaka and Baagha a hike in their salary despite their constant requests, they are still loyal to Jethalal and are dedicated to their work.
Even though later astronomers tried to find it again, it has not been reliably seen since.
Even though most his movies have made a lot of money, many movie critics do not like his work.
Even though not many people get DTs when they stop drinking, many people that do get DTs die from them.
Even though objects are all stored in identical bytes of memory, they are treated as though they have a 'type', which says how the bytes should be understood: either as an integer or a character or some other type (like a non-integer value).
Even though people feel that something is beautiful, they may not be able to explain why.
Even though the Dakota tried to negotiate with the U.S. government, nothing was successful.
Even though the diatomaceous earth takes away some of the dangers of nitroglycerin, there are still problems because the mixture is not stable in damp environments.
Even though the Fourth Coalition came to an end, Britain remained at war with France.
Even though the Matterhorn is very famous, both because of its beauty, and because it is hard to climb, it is not one of the 100 tallest mountains in the Alps.
Even though the numbers may be similar, the source of the problem is different.
Even though there is not really violence anymore, the movement's unique doctrinal views are still criticized.
Even though there is very little primary rainforest left, there are more than 300 parks and four nature reserves in Singapore.
Even though the rial is the official currency, Iranians use the toman daily.
Even though they ate with their fingers, they had the food cut into tiny pieces before it was served.
Even though they have supernatural powers, they are also wandering through the cycles of births and deaths just like most other souls.
Even though this happened, people still followed this religion.
Even though with the release of the PSP Go, most new games continue to be made via UMD, and, aside from those published by SCE, not all have been released on the PSN.
Even though workers often do not reproduce, they are potentially passing on more of their genes by caring for sisters than they would by having their own offspring.
Even today there are cars which use wood gas as fuel.
Even Topsy is touched by her love.
Eventually, after even longer time, there will be the word "Wik" because "Wi" appears infinite times and "k" has a 1 in 53 chance of following it.
Eventually, Athens lost its naval supremacy.
Eventually, Charlie discovers that his sister is pregnant, and he agrees to bring her to an abortion clinic and keep it a secret.
Eventually Europeans began to establish settlements.
Eventually, he became head of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities.
Eventually Henry sent her home.
Eventually, however, Ivers owed Huckert $1,008, so she married him figuring that it would be cheaper than paying his back wages.
Eventually Ona dies of blood loss because the greedy midwife will not help her because the Rudkus family do not have enough money.
Eventually, she agreed to marry him so long as he promised that he tell no one about her.
Eventually the city complied with the Navy's requests.
Eventually the diver may lose consciousness.
Eventually, the English colonists took over most of the French territory.
Eventually, the FieldTurf became the best in the industry.
Eventually the Qing came to Taiwan, defeated him, and added Taiwan to China.
Eventually, the road stretched to Caerwent in Wales on the Severn estuary, just west of Chepstow.
Eventually, they broke down.
Eventually, this allowed for hearing aids to be programmed, and customised to the needs of users.
Eventually this led to a system where the jury made a verdict based on evidence.
Even what rules we do have are frequently broken.
Even when the first officer is the flying pilot, however, the captain remains ultimately responsible for the aircraft, its passengers, and the crew.
Even with Microsoft's involvement, MSX machines were rare in the United States and Britain, but they were popular in other markets.
Even with no signs of infection, PID can cause serious harm.
Even Worse is the Fifth album by Weird Al, released in 1988, which helped to revitalize his career after the failure of "Polka Party".
Evergreen has three "small schools" on its campus, namely the Arts & Academic Academy, the Health, Science, & Human Services School, and the Technology, Engineering, & Communications Schools.
Ever since it started out as an agricultural college, research has played an important role at the university.
Ever since then, the love for the craft became the guiding light in his life.
Everton FC is one of the founder members of the football league and holds the record as the longest serving football club in the top tier of English Football.
Everton usually wear Royal blue shirts with white shorts and white socks.
Evert turned professional in 1972.
Every 12 years it is smeared with saffron by thousands of believers as part of the Mahamastakabhisheka festival.
Every April, the commission chooses a mayor and a vice mayor, and they hire a city manager.
Every body perseveres in its state of being at rest or of moving uniformly straight ahead, except insofar as it is compelled to change its state by forces impressed.
Every building in Paris is less than 500 meters from a train station, so accessibility is never a problem.
Every coach has heard this, Democrat and Chronicle, December 23, 2007.
Every consonant has the same shape.
Everyday experience would suggest that as people grow older, they get to know themselves better.
Everyday life is the usual activity that happens to people, rather than a field of study or work.
Every evening, Japan's Navy cadets are expected to think carefully about a their actions during the course of the day.
Every few months, Fall Guys regularly hosts a new season.
Every four years the party holds a National Convention where they agree on their candidate for President.
Every inch of tooth equals 10ft of shark length: so if a shark tooth is 2 inches long, the tooth came from a shark that was 20 ft long!
Every kind of welding needs to use energy.
Every Money in the Bank has had a Money in the Bank ladder match which has several wrestlers and you win by climbing a ladder and grabbing the briefcase held above the ring.
Every month a new set of artworks are submitted and the community, together with a judging panel, select winners in a number of categories, who are then awarded cash prizes.
Everynight details prison life inside Pentridge's H Division.
Everyone is happy.
Everyone is worried and afraid of the rift in space that was opened at the end of Bender's Big Score.
Everyone should agree to obey the Sovereign, and give him all power of coercion or force of restraint under law.
Everyone should care about everyone else.
Everyone who recently landed with Oceanic Flight 815, now greet and hug each other as if old friends, remembering how, once, they all were lost but now they have found each other.
Every part of the body needs blood and oxygen to live.
Every part of the body needs these things to survive.
Every person is different, so it is important to remember that these things do not happen to all people with bipolar disorder.
Every real number x is a root.
Every season is a new story about something different.
Every sentence needs a verb.
Every single egg or sperm may have a different selection of alleles from the parental chromosomes.
Every summer, the Bad Hersfelder Festspiele (festival) are held here in 1951 at the monastery ruins.
Everything above the main railway station of Oradea is considered to be part of Vie.
Everything living is rhythmic relating to the 24-hour light-dark cycle on earth.
Everything that he has described about the Summoner is set in that time.
Every turn, a meter shaped like Bowser's face fills up a little bit.
Everywhere else, non-falciparum malaria is treated with chloroquine.
Everywhere in Germany, meat is eaten as a sausage.
Evette Huntley Branson (née Flindt; 12 July 1924 – 11 January 2021) was a British philanthropist and child welfare activist.
Evey is then shocked to see the Old Bailey be destroyed as V laughs.
"Evidence for early life in Earth's oldest hydrothermal vent precipitates".
Evidence for plant–animal interactions in the fossil record.
Evidence from the identification of cryptic species means that older estimates of global species richness are too low.
Evolution makes no judgements about better or worse.
Exactly what happened is still a mystery.
"Examination showed that a small pit or grave had been deliberately dug out, and the body of the cat was placed in it, then rapidly covered."
Example:- Exchange of gases like oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Example: morpheme, which is pronounced as morphēm.
Example of one page (French version, volume 3, page 506).
Examples are the 2001 Industrial Design Excellence Awards "Gold" status, and Engadget's 2005 "Laptop of the Year".
Examples for actuators are a motor, a heater or a light.
Examples include the fast Estoril corner and the Adelaide hairpin.
Examples of these are basketballs, superballs, and playground balls.
Examples would be observational errors or sampling variation.
Excavation of the tomb brought to light 254 skeletons, laid out in seven rows.
Exceptionally, there was a group of vocalists such as the early The Happenings Four, a guitarless GS, and the early Sharp Hawks, a chorus GS with a professional electric band in the background.
Exceptions to this rule have been made, as a result of accident or challenge victories.
Excerpt 2:"was one of the greatest scholars of mediaeval Islam, and certainly the most original and profound.
Excited by the prospects, Clinton informed his superiors of his intelligence coups, but failed to respond to Arnold's 7 July letter.
Excluded volume explained several puzzling experimental results of that time.
Executives at Fox saw the movie.
Exercise alone can be effective in weight loss. citation Several studies found similar results.
Exhibiting nondeterminism; involving choices between indistinguishable possibilities.
Existing users of the 2006, 2007, or 2008 versions can upgrade to the latest 2009 version without buying a new subscription.
Exome sequencing is the way researchers find the causes of many inherited diseases.
EXO won twice on The Show with "Call Me Baby" and "Love Me Right".
"Expectation", which is the title song of this album, got success.
Expelled from the PFL due to their financial situation.
"Experimental evidence for luminescent countershading by some euphausiid crustaceans" in American Society of Limnology and Oceanography (ASLO) Aquatic Sciences Meeting.
Experimental research on educational media.
Experts say that the system is "not conservative".
Explicit atheism is when you do not believe in God after learning about the idea.
Exploding stars left recent, radioactive mark on Earth.
Expósito has finished first at the Spanish national championships.
Exposure comes from the Latin word "expōnere" which means to put out.
Extensive and well done.
Extensive modern renovations and additions to the old building were made starting in 1980.
Exterior gateway protocols are used to route packets between two autonomous systems.
External indicators like phenolphthalein or methyl orange and internal indicators like KMnO4 (
Extinct animals are ones that have completely died out.
Extras include Music Videos & Roaring Days film.
Extreme self-sacrifice for the group may happen if something threatens to kill the entire group.
Ezhar Cezairli (1962 – February 2021) was a Turkish-born dentist and politician.
Ezra is seen as a new Moses in this book.
"Fabiana Pierre-Louis, a member of Union Catholic’s Class of 1998, made history on Friday when N.J. Governor Phil Murphy said he will nominate her to become New Jersey’s first black woman to serve on the New Jersey Supreme Court."
Facebook Gaming or fb.gg is Facebook's take on gaming livestreams where gamers and fans interact.
Faced with their protests, Bonaparte led troops to seize control and disperse them, which left a rump legislature to name Bonaparte, Sièyes, and Ducos as the three provisional Consuls to administer the government.
Facing the Allies was Oberbefehlshaber West ("Army Command West") commanded by Field Marshal Albert Kesselring.
Facsimile reprint of the 1656 edition with introduction by Stephen Skinner, Ibis Publishing, 2004.
Fadjar died on 7 September 2020 at the age of 81.
Fagan, writer for the Oregon Journal, planted flowers in the hole.
Failure to secure funding for a new stadium caused the team to move.
Fairchild was born in Granville, New York.
Fairly complex circuitry is needed to convert from one ordering to the other and maintain a logical ordering of the output; the processor itself appears to be running the instructions in random order.
Fairview Alpha was founded in 1912.
Faisal Rehman made a comeback with this movie, after taking a sabbatical from the movie industry which spanned over a decade.
Falaise was restored after the war.
Fallingwater: a Frank Lloyd Wright country house Abbeville Press.
Fall is popular because of the beautiful color changes taking place as the leaves on the trees and plants change color from fall to autumn and begin to fall before winter season comes.
False promises of money, easy living and easy jobs were made.
False prophets are the opposite of prophets.
Family Drug Help – for information and support for people concerned about a relative or friend using drugs Tel.
Family members can share purchased apps, music, and books using the same credit card. iOS 8 can also set up photo streams for every family member.
Famous Irish whiskeys are Jameson's and Bushmill's.
Famous Italian foods include pasta or pizza.
Famous Korean classic dramas are making many foreigners take more interest in traditional Korean clothing as well.
Famous meals in this city are pastirma, sucuk and manti.
Famous songs written by Lennon for the Beatles are "A Hard Day's Night", "Help!", "
Famous works from him are Kleiner Mann - was nun?
Fanaa was released on 26 May 2006.
Fangio went on to win three more races in 1954, and won the Formula One World Championship.
Fanny Imlay was Wollstonecraft's daughter from an affair she had with a soldier.
Far as the curse is found.
Farmers wanted to move to towns to make more money than working in the fields.
Farming has always been an important part of the state economy of Kansas.
Farragut was detached from TF17's screen (Millot and Morison).
Farrell wildly fires his gun to kill the man that is holding Lucy.
Fashoway also played in the Western Hockey League with the New Westminster Royals, Victoria Cougars, and Portland Buckaroos.
Fassie's music became a symbol of hope for the South African black community during its Apartheid painful days.
Fat dormice are the largest dormice in Europe.
Father and the Peel clone catch the real Emma Peel.
Fault and San Andreas Fault, causing them to flood.
Fausto Paolo Sozzini, also known as Faustus Socinus or Faust Socyn, was an Italian theologian and founder of the school of Christian thought known as Socinianism and the main theologian of the Minor Reformed Church of Poland.
Fay also made a few small appearances in other genres, such as the crime drama Missing Daughters (1939).
Fay and Gonzalo were the first pair of hurricanes to make landfall in Bermuda in the same season.
Fazio wrote some shorts novels for anthologies for Perrone Publisher and, sometimes, he use pseudonyms.
F-block elements are counted in the sixth and seventh periods.
Fearing he might hurt other people, the police shot him dead.
February 21 1906: Refusing to give information on a robbery.
Federal agents used tear gas on the crowd.
Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond.
Feelin' So Good received generally favorable reviews from critics.
Fehér died in March 2021, two days before his 67th birthday.
Felicity is a female form of the male name Felix.
Felix and Hugo White are brothers, along with Will White, who is the lead singer and guitarist with another band, Talk Taxis.
Felix Teodor Hamrin, born 14 January 1875, dead 27 November 1937, was a Swedish politician.
Female convicts worked as servants in free settler's houses or were sent to a female factory (women's workhouse prison).
Females are bigger and more brightly coloured.
Females are jealous of their fathers’
Females are much smaller: convert long and weighing convert.
Females can be distinguished from males because they lack these prominent canines, and they are slightly smaller than the males.
Females can have two to three litters per year, so might produce up to 150 kittens in their breeding life of about ten years.
Females have territories ranging from convert, while males have larger ranges, reaching up to convert.
Females lay 3-5 pale blue-green eggs in each clutch (a set of eggs laid at one time).
Fender had made the Telecaster guitar before and so used his designs from it to help him make the Precision.
Ferguson was born in Bell County, Texas.
Ferlinghetti’s paintings have been shown at various museums around the world.
Fermentation makes the sugar in the beans turn into alcohol.
Fernando Paggi conducted the orchestra.
Ferrante II is restored to the throne of Naples.
Ferromagnets are materials that have some magnetization on their own.
Festival on July 1. It has family events and Canadian music.
Festivals are frequent.
"Fete for Banks Here Tuesday."
Feuerstein died in Erftstadt, Germany on 6 October 2020, aged 83.
Feyerabend objected to prescriptive scientific method on the grounds that any such method would stifle and cramp scientific progress.
; F. Gürsey, P. Ramond, P. Sikivie, A universal gauge theory model based on E6, Physics Letters B, Volume 60, Issue 2, 5 January 1976, Pages 177-180.
Fictional characters introduced in the 21st century.
Fidelio is an example of a “rescue opera”, a type of opera which was popular at the time.
Fielding appeared in two Carry On movies, Carry On Regardless (1961) and Carry On Screaming!
Field Marshal Erich von Manstein told Hitler not to order the 6th Army to break out.
Field Marshals von Rundstedt and Rommel repeatedly asked Hitler for more freedom to change plans but were refused.
Field Marshal von Kluge, who took over the posts held by both von Rundstedt and Rommel, was linked with some of the military plotters against Hitler, and he would not argue with Hitler for fear of arrest.
Fierce Creatures was not as well received by critics or audiences as A Fish Called Wanda.
Fiesco has been set free, but Paolo is condemned to death for leading the uprising against the Doge.
Fifteen former All Blacks have been inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame.
Fifteen of them were changed into the "Jota" version.
Fifteen years later, Brookhouse's bones were found under a pile of rocks near Lake Corangamite.
' fifth studio album.
Fifty years for killing Cynthia and one year for stealing.
Figaro, Count Almaviva's servant, is on the eve of marrying Susanna, the Countess' maid.
Figeac is surrounded by the communesCamburat, Planioles, Viazac, Lunan, Capdenac, Faycelles, Béduer, Camboulit, Lissac-et-Mouret.
Fighter Squadron 101 (VF-101) created a detachment at NAS Oceana.
Fighting continued, and Judah and his brother Jonathan were killed.
Filderstadt was created in 1975 from five smaller towns called Bernhausen, Bonlanden, Plattenhardt, Sielmingen and Harthausen.
File:1928 Japanese General Election Poster.
File:2020 AFGE Legislative Conference - Monday (49521610638) (1).
File:Aerial view of Melara Italy.
File:Bill Clinton, Yitzhak Rabin, Yasser Arafat at the White House 1993-09-13.
File:César Gaviria, World Economic Forum on Latin America 2009 (cropped).
File:Dining room scene from the Luttrell Psalter.
File:Early photo of seattle space needle.
File:Edvard Munch - Red and White - Google Art Project.
File:Edvard Munch - Self-Portrait Somewhere on the Continent II - Google Art Project.
File:Edvard Munch - Train Smoke - Google Art Project.
File:Flag of Big Dipper Union.
File:Flag of Coconut Creek, Florida.
File:Flag of Kansas City, Missouri (1913–1936).
File:Flag of Panama City Beach, Florida.
File:Gates meets Ishiba 8 November 2007 cropped for Ishiba.
File:GFRP Translucent deck panels.
File:Heart Mountain Relocation Center, Heart Mountain, Wyoming.
File:Map used to illustrate Stahlecker's report to Heydrich on January 31, 1942.
File:Ontario general election, 2007 results by riding - New Democratic Party strength.
File:Opinion polling for the pakistani general election, 2018.
File:Pat Robertson speaks about the national deficit (cropped).
File:Pissarro the banks of the marne at chennevières 1864-5.
File:Police block of crash site (36195158640).
File:Rahm Emanuel, official photo portrait color.
File:'Starry Night' by Edvard Munch, 1893, Getty Center.
File:Termite mound belair national park.
File:The Obamas and the Bushes continue across the bridge (cropped to Obama and Bush couples).
File:Tina Modotti with her arms raised - Edward Weston restoration.
File:Yoshihide Suga cropped 3 Joint Press Announcement of the Okinawa Consolidation Plan.
Final Fantasy VII follows the story of Cloud, who joins forces with many others to fight a new threat to the world while dealing with a seemingly terminal illness.
Finally, another widespread weakness in the series are multiple inconsistencies in their arguments.
Finally at the series' conclusion, Mowgli leaves the jungle for human civilization, but still keeps strong ties with his animal friends.
Finally, diplomatic relations between two countries began to get even hostility.
Finally, he was forced into exile because of his political views.
Finally, ideologies can be distinguished from political strategies (e.g.
Finally in 1933, the name changed to the Hiroshima Prefectural Industrial Promotion Hall.
Finally in the 90 'was awarded in its entirety to the company Ferroexpreso Pampeano S.A. that is still the concessionaire of said branch.
Finally, researchers try to extend the synthesis method to a broad range of different starting materials, to find its scope and limitations.
Finally she went to work for Rissalat Al Ouma, a newspaper in Casablanca.
Finally the confusion included the Penates (other minor deities) as well.
Finally, the essay is 50 minutes long, but does not have to be taken by every student.
Finally, the Indian Constitution was approved on 26th of November, 1949 and came into effect on 26th of January, 1950.
Finally, the Rangers improved, winning the President's Cup as regular-season champions in 1992 and 1994.
Finally the reality of the situation was recognized with the transfer of sovereignty over the much of the basin and surrounding areas to Portugal in the 1750 Treaty of Madrid.
Finally the two men who were placing explosives to blow up the dry dock were captured before they could finish their work.
Finally they marry on Valentine's Day in the fourth season.
Finally, when the Instrumentation Department was established at Tokyo University of the Arts, it was moved there and completed in 1953.
Final poll numbers days ahead of the results indicated that his opponent's prior lead had shrunk further; some polls gave López Obrador the lead, while others favored Calderón and still others indicated a technical tie.
Financial experts point out that past performance of any investment is not a predictor of future performance.
Finding reliable evidence of welfare fraud is notoriously difficult.
Finding the location of something is ordinarily done by seeing it somewhere, hearing it somewhere, feeling it somewhere, etc. Sometimes we know where something is by looking at a photograph, finding it with radar, or pinging it with sonar.
Finding the optimal solution to complex problems often requires very expensive fitness function evaluations.
;Finish: the planned end of a match.
Finland advanced to the semifinals due to their head-to-head win.
Finlay was born Juan Carlos Finlay y Barres, in Puerto Príncipe (now Camagüey), Cuba.
Finn and Jesse begins arguing at prom.
Finn returns Emmet and the Piece of Resistance to the set where Emmet, now possessing the powers of a Master Builder due to his belief in himself, confronts Lord Business.
Finntroll during concert on Masters of Rock 2007 festival.
Fire ants attack in groups when disturbed.
Fire as an engineering tool of early modern humans.
Fire departments also use a similar attic ladders as an equipment.
Fire, Explosives and Fuel are all examples of hazards.
Fireheart continues to struggle to care for ThunderClan, one of the warrior Clans in the forest, as Tigerstar tries to destroy ThunderClan.
Fireheart uses the story to try and frame Tigerclaw, but fails.
Fire in the turtle house: the green sea turtle and the fate of the ocean.
Fire wall is a spell that creates a circle of flame that damages the enemies if they go near it.
Fire was used to heat silcrete stones to increase their works before they were knapped into tools by Stillbay culture.
First awarded in 1979, the Mika Waltari Award is named in his honor.
First case of notation (number of coefficients) is more recent and more frequented (e.g. D8 is wavelet with 8 coefficients).
First from 1731 to 1737 and then again from 1751 to 1755.
First, he thought Jumbo was about to enter musth.
Firstly, it is the only one topped by two Horus falcons, facing each other.
Firstly, rather than starting in a major key, as most Broadway songs do, it begins in a minor key, which is darker, and more appropriate for the Depression.
Firstly, semi-final game is called semi-play off.
Firstly, the USA had a new president named Harry Truman.
Firstly, they journey to the Cedar Mountain to defeat Humbaba, its monstrous guardian.
First match(es) will be played on 13 August 2021.
First, Natto is classified under two types of Natto, Itohiki Natto and Ji Natto.
First of all comes the openings, about which a great deal is now known.
First of all, if a female cat has kittens, they will need homes.
First proposed as a LRT line when originally announced in 2001, the Jurong Region Line is now going to be a medium capacity line.
First reference returned by a search of the NYT archive for eggs-Sardou/oeufs-Sardou occurs in 1960.
First, she wanted to work in Europe.
First, strong coffee is made using ground coffee and boiling water.
First, the 7.5 km, $3.5 billion extension goes over the Ayer Rajah Expressway viaduct at the Pan-Island Expressway interchange.
First, the only flights which took off from there flew to other places in the United Kingdom and Europe.
First, there is an induction period during which reactive magnesium becomes exposed to the organic reagents.
First the stationary phase could be a porous solid.
First, they had to cover auxiliary tasks, but on July 25, 1938, they were already participating in the Republican offensive of the Battle of the Ebro, the vast majority being minors, reaching, some as children, only 14 years old.
First they will have to go to the temple and go through some trials to show that they are good.
First use of "Celtic Reconstructionist" as tradition name.
First year as a professional.
Fischbacher purchased a magic book as a child and began to practice illusions.
Fischbach has done multiple charity streams and fundraisers with other YouTubers.
Fish farms are areas of water with nets around them, where farmers raise (keep and grow animals) fish.
Fish with compressed shapes have flat, vertical bodies, with one eye on each side.
Fisković's claim is defeated by the home sale contract where Giorgio Orsini was named as the home buyer.
Fitzhugh Mullan (July 22, 1942 – November 29, 2019) was an American physician, writer, educator, and social activist.
Five months after the release of Windows 2.03, Microsoft released Windows 2.10, and after 10 months, Windows 2.11.
Five of his books have been made into films.
Five people were killed, including two high-profile members of the Conservative Party, and 31 were injured.
Fiver recovers and Bigwig becomes the respected captain of the guard.
Five teams from the AL, and five teams from the NL are in the playoffs.
Five teenagers battle against the witch Rita Repulsa and the wizard Lord Zedd to defend the earth.
Five years later he was appointed Titular Archbishop of Drizipara and the Coadjutor Archbishop of Dhaka.
Five years later, the two Voyager spacecraft discovered over 20 new moons.
Five years of the Getty; Isolated?
Flag-bearers from each participating country enter the stadium.
Flag of the Russian Ground Forces.
Flag used from 1972 to 2002.
Flat vertical nets allow them to trap insects in flight.
Fleas started the problem; the infected fleas were carried by black rats.
Flensburg lives on tourism, students and the German navy forces.
Fletcher thought he had found the Japanese main carrier force.
Flight 103 was manned by Captain Jim MacQuarrie (55), First Officer Ray Wagner (52), and Flight Engineer Jerry Don Avritt (46).
Flight 152 remains the deadliest single-plane crash in Indonesia, and the deadliest aviation accident in 1997.
Flights go to 144 domestic and 47 international destinations.
Flolan® is unstable, and therefore has to be kept on ice during administration.
Flooding in Molare and Ovada kills over 100 or more.
Floorball is played in a gym on an area of 40x20 meters bordered by boards 50 centimetres high.
Floppy disks and drives are no longer manufactured, but are still widely-available as new old stock.
Florence had a wind speed of 140 mph and a central pressure of 939 millibars, but from post-analysis it had a wind speed of 150 mph.
Florence Isabel Bjelke-Petersen (née Gilmour; 11 August 1920 – 20 December 2017) was an Australian politician and writer.
Florence started to help her husband and his newspaper.
Flores himself only said that he was about 100 years or more, which in that case was correct.
Florian Klein played for the Under-19 and Under-21 team of Austria.
Florida had become a problem for Spain.
Flowering plants: evolution above the species level.
Flowers are modified leaves possessed only by the flowering plants (angiosperms), which are relatively late to appear in the fossil record.
Fluent in both English and French, Baker became an international musical and political icon.
Fluid mechanics can be mathematically complex.
Fluoride ions are somewhat toxic.
Flutes are good for playing music which has a large range of notes.
Fly downwards!" as they sank from the sky, until the whole flock was all noisily calling the same thing.
Flying foxes eat fruit and other plant matter, and occasionally insects as well.
Flynn (1987,1999,2003) discovered that the recent changes in the industrialized world has increased peoples average psychological test performances.
Fly on his national tour before leaving to go on her own headlining tour around the UK.
FM Static won the Best Website Ever Made award from the Webgrammys, citation and they have been nominated for the GMA Canada Covenant Awards.
Fog lights are aimed lower to better see the road. citation They also spread the light out in a wider pattern to aid the headlights in fog, rain, snow or dust.
Fogs usually take place in winter.
Fokine died in New York on 22 August 1942.
Földi earned numerous awards for his results and achievements, most notably he was named Weightlifter of the Century by the International Weightlifting Federation and was elected for Sportsperson of the Nation in Hungary.
Follies often look like real, usable buildings, but never are; novelty buildings are usable, but have fantastic shapes.
Followers of Bon are called Bonpos.
Following a 12-year gap in new releases, Uddin returned to the scene in late 2018 for a charity track with Omar Esa, Imtiyaz Sidat, Hafiz Mizan and Ehsaan Tahmid.
Following an investigation by Cricket Australia, Smith was banned from international cricket for 12 months, and will not be considered for a leadership role for 12 months after that.
Following her husband's death in office in 1974, Isabel served as president from 1 July 1974 to 24 March 1976.
Following his appointment, Morawiecki promised “continuation” rather than change in his first major parliamentary address.
Following his father's footsteps, Yasir has also become a "Qari"
Following his retirement he ministered as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Chichester (from 2013) and in the Diocese of Portsmouth (from 2015).
Following Mr. Livingstone’s defeat in the 2008 Mayoral Elections, The Daily Mail reported that “Eight 'cronies' of Ken Livingstone are to receive £1.6 million in pay-offs following his defeat in the London mayoral elections.”
Following persons have been chairmen.
Following reports of Spain abusing and killing Cubans, the US sent warships to Cuba.
Following several campaigns (for example, Green my Apple citation ), Apple has made their products better for the environment.
Following soon thereafter was his performance in the title role of the 1996 HBO TV movie Rebound: The Legend of Earl "The Goat" Manigault.
Following the addition of thirteenth member Kyuhyun, the group dropped the suffix "05" and became officially credited as Super Junior.
Following the guest's secret being discovered, the host sometimes asked the contestant more about their secret, or, if it made sense, the contestant demonstrated their secret.
Following the landings, the Allies built up their forces on the beach.
Following them is the all-boy idol group SB19 who also debuted in 2018.
Following the Satanic creed of “Responsibility to the responsible,” in a Satanic society, everyone must experience the consequences of his own actions—for good or ill."
Following these meetings, they decided in 1961 to officially found FIMCAP.
Following this, randomly, one of the regional power stations went offline.
Fonseca was thought to be the candidate preferred by the party establishment.
Fonzie was a leather-clad greaser and an auto mechanic.
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.
Food Policy, In Press, Corrected Proof.
Fools choose to learn only from their own mistakes.
Foop goes through the terrific twos.
Football (soccer) is king but the state has human resources and facilities to produce some of the best athletes in the world in many other fields.
For 2007, d'Ambrosio took part in the first season of the International Formula Master series.
For 2020, the game has a Special Edition that allows Vergil as a playable character as well as next-generation console upgrades.
For 29 minutes, the characters could not say anything.
For about three years, the Communist government of Najibullah could not defend itself from the Mujahideen forces opposing it.
For a finishing touch Degas used a wig made of real hair.
For a lob the person has to swing through, but make the tennis ball go up.
For a more detailed explanation, see below.
For a portrait, a woman would usually put on her best clothes and jewellery.
For area coverage, with fragmentation munitions, or ammunition that blows apart when it hits its target, is 350 meters.
For a rocket or jet engine, the force is the same as thrust produced by the engine.
For a short time, Pacheco had a lot of very successful businesses.
For a specific article on the organisation responsible for running the current generation of trams in London, see London Trams.
For awhile this intervention helped Zevon not drink too much alcohol.
For church buildings or congregations see Category:Churches.
For comparison, a typical jackhammer produces about 130 dB.
For convert it forms the border between Portugal and Spain.
For crimes not relating to their official capacity, they can be prosecuted only with the permission of the Federal Council as a whole while in office.
For days the ship could not use it's sails.
Ford County has been strongly Republican for most of its history, especially in recent elections.
Ford created the fourth generation Focus in Summer 2018 with hatchback, saloon and estate versions.
Ford died on December 2, 1957 after being run-over by a car in the early 1950s.
Ford, however, disagreed with the NHTSA finding of a defect.
For each added element, the probability of getting a false positive grows.
For each red iPod Nano sold a $10 donation goes to the Product Red brand.
For edits to protected templates, clearly indicate which lines of code need to be changed, or (ideally) provide a link or diff to a sandbox which contains the entire code of the template, with the required changes.
Forehead can be pronounced either 'forhed' or 'forrid'.
"Foreign Mercenaries, Revolutionary War, and Citizen-Soldiers in the Late Eighteenth Century."
Forensic psychology has some major roles in a court that bring psychology into a legal arena.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 145.40 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.40 males.
For every 100 females there were 124.1 males.
For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males.
For example, −1 has two square roots.
For example, 23.5 gets rounded to 24, and −23.5 gets rounded to −24.
For example, a 12 pounder fired a round convert solid piece of steel.
For example, a bank pays interest of 0.01 percent every day.
For example, a Brown belt is higher than a Blue Belt.
For example, acetaminophen is sometimes abbreviated APAP.
For example: a "Deputy Master" is someone who will take over the responsibilities of the Master when the Master is not there.
For example, a great-great-great-great-great-great-grandmother becomes "six times great grandmother".
For example: a key signature of one sharp is either G major or E minor.
For example, Alexander the Great is immersed up to his eyebrows.
For example, a medical provider may report that a frail elderly patient, who lives alone, is medically stable for discharge and plans to discharge the patient home with in-home services.
For example, a researcher can calculate the median survival of patients with a kidney transplant, when half the patients participated in his study die.
For example, a screen could be 32 inches wide and 18 inches tall and still be considered widescreen.
For example, a statement like "Blue is a better color than green" is not a scientific hypothesis.
For example, a tarsal formula of "5-5-4" means there are 5 segments in the fore leg's tarsi, 5 segments in the middle leg's tarsi, and 4 segments in the hind leg's tarsi.
For example, based on the Brown II ruling, a federal district court ruled that Prince Edward County, Virginia, did not have to de-segregate its schools right away.
For example, both fictional characters and real people may stand out in your head as a result of the alliterative effect of their name.
For example, brain injuries can happen before a baby is even born.
For example, certain words can be blocked.
For example, colds are caused by viruses and they do not need medicines.
For example, even if no one wants to pollute water because that makes it unhealthy, it can still end up like that because so many want to use the water for their own reasons, like washing and throwing away rubbish.
For example, experts have looked into adopted people's identity problems - their idea of self.
For example, for the river Schwalm, which discharges into the Eder, the template PEder can be used.
For example, heart disease causes 4 out of every 10 deaths in the United States.
For example, he explained that the reason that parents as a whole are more fertile than their children is because children must necessarily come from fertile parents.
For example he played om Richards album "Talk is cheap" from 1988.
For example, if a household earns one extra dollar of disposable income, and the marginal propensity to consume is 0.65, then the household will spend 65 cents and save 35 cents of that dollar.
For example, if a person is infected with the common cold, it usually takes about one to three days for the person to start having cold symptoms.
For example, if Bob has 1 bitcoin at the bitcoin address "ABC123," and Alice has no bitcoins at the bitcoin address "DEF456," Bob can send 0.5 bitcoins to "DEF456."
For example, if one argues that a given number of grains of sand does not make a heap and that an additional grain does not either, then to conclude that no additional amount of sand will make a heap is to construct a sorites argument.
For example, if one was habituated to the taste of lemon, their responding would increase significantly when presented with the taste of lime.
For example: if there is one sharp in the key signature it will be an F sharp.
For example, if the sound comes from the front of the mouth it is in 1 row.
For example, if we are travelling by airplane at a constant speed, we can walk through the inside of the airplane without noticing anything special.
For example, if you ask, "do you have my book?"
For example, in 2011 the theme was “
For example, in an automobile with sail control, the machine's speed is continuously checked and fed back to the system, which then adjusts the motor's spin power on the fly.
For example, in China, many people believe doctors solve physical symptoms, not mental problems.
For example, instead of having verses and choruses, progressive rock songs may have many different musical themes, solos, and musical moods.
For example, in Thai, the syllable written as the consonant-vowel pair หา is pronounced hā, but the syllable just written as a consonant ห is pronounced hɔ.
For example, in the sentence: The dog that was walking down the street, the relative pronoun is the word that referring back to the antecedent, the word 'dog'.
For example, it did not use the word "Wuhan."
For example, it uses colour (not color), centre (not center), and encyclopaedia (not encyclopedia).
For example, Java and Smalltalk code is typically stored in bytecode format, which is typically then JIT compiled to translate the bytecode to machine code before execution.
For example, "Maria gave Jacob a drink".
For example, Nikola Nikolić, Djuro Schwartz, and Ilija Ivanović all tried to memorize and even write about events, dates and details.
For example, "No animal shall drink alcohol" becomes "No animal shall drink alcohol to excess".
For example, "-ough" was once a guttural but has become different in "through" (threw), "rough" (ruff), "dough" (doe) or "cough" (coff).
For example, powdered potassium permanganate and powdered sugar will ignite (but not explode) a few seconds after a drop of water is added.
For example, rust occurs mostly in cracks of alloys or metals.
For example, say we wish to visit five cities around the world and want to see every possible ordering (
For example, social stratification studies inequality and class structure in society.
For example, some servers may leave out the adult groups.
For example, take the first line of the chr file for the game Super Mario Bros.
For example, the "
For example, the average height of women in the United States is a descriptive statistic: it describes a feature (average height) of a population (women in the United States).
For example, the British Medical Journal published a study of red delicious apples compared with navel oranges.
For example, the goslings would imprint on Lorenz himself (to be more specific, on his wading boots).
For example, the growth rings in furniture, walls and other wooden items can be counted.
For example, the leatherback sea turtle and the soft-shelled turtles have shells covered with leathery skin instead.
For example, the native Japanes verb meaning "to swim" is oyogu in its plain form, where it is written as 泳ぐ in kanji and hiragana.
For example, the ordinal number is the set of all finite ordinals.
For example, the orthodox Catholic position on unbaptized infants is that their fate is uncertain, and "the Church can only entrust them to the mercy of God" (Catechism of the Catholic Church 1261).
For example, the phrase 'Red is-a colour' describes the hyponymic relationship between red and colour.
For example, the Prussian General Staff were very well organised.
For example, the virus might only change a little bit in about two to three years.
For example, they can go to places where the weather is better, or build walls around cities to keep flood water out.
For example, they may damage important relationships or make it difficult for the person to work.
For example, they might make the signal sound "brighter" or "duller", "soft" or "harsh".
For example, Tishomingo was the name of a famous Chickasaw chief.
For example, to make a song to be slow or fast, the drums play slower or faster.
For example, to multiply the negative number "−3" by the negative number "−2" is the same as multiplying the number "3" by the number "2".
For example, to say "I am a cat"
For example, western society places importance on education and technology, as these are needed to be self-sufficient in that part of the world.
For example, when Sailor Mercury is not fighting evil, her name is Ami Mizuno (Amy in English).
For females the term María dela Cruz is used instead.
For food, they hunted wild animals.
For Gandhi, Satyagraha went far beyond just "passive resistance" (resisting without taking action) according to him it was a moral force born of truth and non-violence.
Forgiveness in Hindu philosophy is being compassionate, tender, kind and letting go of the harm or hurt caused by someone or something else.
Forgiveness may involve offering an apology.
"For God loved the world so much that He gave his only son (Jesus), so that whoever believed in Him, would not die but live forever".
For his 2009 book Uuni (Oven), Hyry won the Finlandia Prize, Finland's premier prize for literature.
For his legal proficiency, Vallabhbhai was offered many lucrative posts by the British Government but he rejected all.
For his military abilities he was awarded the Order of the Golden Fleece.
For Indo-European languages, comparative study is now a well-developed field.
For instance, a car loan typically creates a secured debt.
For instance, Akela, the wolf pack alpha eventually steps aside, but instead of being threatened with death, he stays on as the new leader's advisor.
For instance, Calone, a compound of synthetic origin, gives a fresh metallic marine scent that is widely used.
For instance, Nagumo's fleet had few big ships.
For instance, Pope Benedict XVI, in his Wednesday catecheses from March 7, 2007, to June 25, 2008, on the Church Fathers, devoted two talks to him.
For instance, the date of Christmas in the Catholic and Protestant faith is just 3 days away from the December Solstice.
For instance, the net rate at which a chemical dissolved in a fluid moves toward or away from some point is proportional to the Laplacian of the chemical concentration at that point; the resulting equation is the diffusion equation.
For instance, the smallest of the wolf spiders of the genus Trabeops are only 4 mm.
For instance, when an auto warranty is provided through a dealership from the manufacturer, repairs on the vehicle are reimbursed at a lower negotiated rate.
For instance, when visiting the park, guests can find "Hidden Mickeys" on each ride and all throughout the resort.
Forks are useful only for eating solid food.
For-loops are typically used when the number of repetitions are known.
Formal dinners have cutlery set out in a traditional manner.
Formal portrait- Holbein painted two young Ambassadors.
Forman wrote a many political essays for the Gazetteer and London Daily Advertiser between 1756 and 1760, then carried in in the Public Ledger in 1760.
For many aquifers, research is lacking or disputed as to the age of the water and the behaviour of the water inside the aquifer.
For many centuries it has been the custom for people to give small gifts at Christmas, and also to give generously to the poor and needy to help them through the winter.
For many months she sat on the chimney singing her song, but in the song she kept making the call which Lorenz knew meant "Come home!
For many others, conditions on these sites are much more suitable than those on other sites.
For many years it was the most successful company transporting goods, securities, money etc. (these were called “express shipments”).
For many years, the family remained the faithful, though powerful, local fief holders of and exceptional loyalty to the Mughal power.
Formations are not defined on the thickness of the rock strata, and the thickness of different formations can therefore vary widely.
Former Florida congressman Carlos Cubelo, a Republican, said, "The president seems more out-of-touch and detached from the difficult reality the country is living than ever before."
Former leaders include Olaf Ludwig, Walter Godefroot and Eddy Vandenhecke (managers), Luuc Eisenga (spokesperson) and Brian Holm, Valerio Piva (sports directors).
Former vice-rector of Collegium Civitas, as well as a member of the National Committee for Cooperation with the European Science Foundation (ESF), Presidium of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
For more convenience and shorter taxiing durations, the east runway is usually used by Saudi Aramco while commercial airlines use the west one, however situation changes if one of the runways is undergoing maintenance.
For most levels, there is a midway flag that if touched will return the player to that point after dying and being sent back to the map screen.
For most of the 1900s, the Soviet Union was a superpower.
Forms change the shape of the basic techniques and they teach the strategy, the tactics, the choosing of the right moment, and the balance.
Formula 1 is a type of motorsport.
Formula One driver, who died in 1977.
Formula One in its early years was very expensive.
Formulas use letters instead of words.
For Nietzsche, the destruction of Christian morality is not something to celebrate.
For people who were used to offices without computers, it often provides nostalgia to them.
For public transport people are totally dependent upon overloaded sharing Autos.
For renovations and retrofits they will explore the best options to improve the functionality and efficiency of existing buildings.
For resin to survive long enough to become amber, it must resist such forces, or be produced under conditions that exclude them.
For several years he spent the winters in Europe and the summers in Russia.
For simplicity, the y and z coordinates are unaffected; only the x and t coordinates are transformed.
For six weeks, the 68th remained in the area of Te Papa, to make sure pās was not set up.
For some countries, especially in Africa, inflation became worse.
For some, it is synonymous with the Singapore Turf Club, where members and paying visitors flock on race days.
For some purposes the difference between a spade and a shovel is important.
For some time, both writing systems were used.
For sometime, Doud family lived in Pueblo, Colorado.
For some time, rulers from the present day Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh also ruled over the Tamil lands.
For some time these were members of the Saint-Sauveur family.
For sort keys beginning with letters, the article is most likely calling a non-existent template parameter starting with that letter.
For state departments of transportation for any state in the United States.
For students, it takes years.
Fort Bragg is located on the Pacific Coast Highway, California Rte-1.
For technical reasons, :P redirects here.
For testing whether someone lacks the theory of mind, the Sally-Anne test is performed.
For that reason it is not usually recommended to be used outdoors.
For that reason pistols are sometimes called "semi-automatic".
For that reason, this is the step that lowers the quality of the image.
For the 12th consecutive year, the bank was awarded the "People's Banking Service Provider of the Year".
For the 2013/14 season he was transferred to FC Liefering.
For the central and local city government, there is a long way to go.
For the civilian post-War variant, see Dodge Power Wagon.
For the first hour (UTC 10:00–10:59), this phenomenon affects inhabited territories, whereas during the second hour (UTC 11:00–11:59) it only affects an uninhabited maritime time zone twelve hours behind UTC.
For the first time in the series, players can change the movesets of characters.
For the first time, the team was in first place in the constructors' championship.
For the former, it is a product, that is traded solely on the basis of price.
For the former town in Chiba Prefecture, see Shōnan, Chiba.
For the heroism of the Soviet defenders of Stalingrad, the city was awarded the title Hero City in 1945.
For the next few years he worked at several jobs.
For the next five years, Governors Gates and Sir Thomas Dale continued to keep strict discipline, with Sir Thomas Smith in London attempting to find skilled craftsmen and other settlers to send to Jamestown.
For the next five years Shostakovich was careful not to write anything the politiciones would not like.
For the Old Kingdom, there have been changes by as much as a few centuries.
For the rest of the war he worked in a food factory.
For the second half, after the merge, each player usually competes against each other in challenges.
For thinner rectangles, this total area value approaches the area underneath the graph.
For this reason, Christ could not have a physical body, as he was seen as the eternal Logos.
For this reason, he established defenses there and waited for the British to attack.
For this reason, he is the rightful head of all other bishops.
For this reason, it is absorbed into diatomaceous earth to make it less sensitive.
For this reason, it needs to be kept secret.
For this reason, nudists mostly reject the current standards of modesty.
For this reason, the first sequence has more algorithmic information, because it is harder to shorten ("compress") the description on how to generate it.
For this reason, this period of Spanish history has also been called the "Age of Expansion."
For this reason, Turkish coffee is sometimes called Mocca.
For this, she was named contemporary singer at the Canadian Folk Music Awards in 2010. citation She released We Have Made a Spark in 2012.
Fortifications may still be seen around the modern lighthouse near the harbor.
Fort McHenry was named for him.
Fortnite: Save the World is the original version of the game, first released on July 27th, 2017.
Fort St. Philip was located on the east bank of the Mississippi river.
Fortunately to the players, the protection can be worked around by simply changing the system date.
Fort Vancouver closed in the 1840s.
For two months, they are carried around by the mother.
For two seasons, he was in Funny or Die Presents.
For two years her husband knew nothing about her love affair.
For two years he was considered a criminal by the British government.
For two years, he works many different jobs.
For two years the Victorian police searched for them and locked up their friends and families, but could not find them.
Forty-three year old Bernd-Jurgen Brandes answered the ad later that month.
Forty-two people are killed.
Forums can be found on a lot of websites.
For wide bodied jets, the seats can be 10 across, labeled ABC-DEFG-HJK.
Fossils from the early Cambrian bear a striking resemblance to the velvet worms.
Fossil water or palaeowater is an ancient body of water that has been kept in an undisturbed place.
Foster flies his own private jet and helicopter between his homes in London, France, Switzerland, Marthas Vineyard, New York and Madrid.
Foster gained a reputation for designing office buildings.
Foster had little appreciation of the worth of his songs.
Fouad Inv.266, which contains the name of God in the Hebrew language יהוה.
Foucault then wrote Surveiller et Punir (Discipline and Punish), about prisons and schools.
Founded in 1980 by Carl Rosendahl, PDI was one of the pioneers of computer animation.
Founder and chancellor Rev. Seung-moo Ha of the KPTS leads the school.
Four countries (Poland, Hungary, Greece and Cyprus) have provided neutral venue hubs which allow matches to be played at their stadiums without restrictions.
Four designs were handed in, and AS-90 was the only one that the MoD liked.
Four engineers, who are friends, work together during the day.
Four highways go through Delta; Highway 99, Highway 17, Highway 10, and Highway 91. The busy Tsawwassen Ferry Terminal is in Delta.
Four million copies of the book was sold in the United States.
Four months after his professional debut, Hunter reached the second round of the 1995 UK Championship by defeating world number six Alan McManus 9–4.
Four of the candidates for the Division of Chifley at the 2007 election.
Four of them are actually included within the municipality of Mersin city (shown in boldface letters).
Four of them earned a great name in history - Abu Talib, Abu Lahab, Hamza and Abbas.
Four of the shoppers died later from their injuries.
Four passenger jets are simultaneously hijacked.
Fourteen men lost their lives during its construction, most by drowning.
Fowler died on January 4, 2012 from unknown causes in London, England, he was 85 years old.
Fox-Davies (1909), p. 180. The tail also may be nowed (knotted), or the lion may be queue fourchée (forked tail) or double-queued (two tails).
Foxes and owls kill many of them.
Fox has said they will not pick the series up for a second year.
Fox went around preaching to people.
France allowed Mohammed V to return in 1955, and the negotiations that led to Moroccan independence began the following year.
France gave Mali the names French Sudan and the Sudanese Republic.
Frances Kellor, American Arbitration: Its History, Functions and Achievements (Washington, DC: Beard Books, 2000), p. 89 In 1945 the board was disbanded.
France tried to continue fighting but was too weak to resist and surrendered.
France would own territory to the north of this line, and the United Kingdom would own territory to the south of it.
Frankenchrist was released in October 1985.
Franken was also in the 1986 movie The Party.
Frank Garrett lives there.
Frank Harold Trevor Rhodes (October 29, 1926 – February 3, 2020) was a British-American academic.
Franklin Flizzybear, a brown bear.
Franklin had an incredible impact at Sydney, where he won three All-Australian selections and two more Coleman Medals.
Frank, p. 219–220; and Smith, p. 113–115 & 243. Most of the men in Ichiki's second echelon were from Asahikawa, Hokkaidō.
Frank Stenton, Anglo Saxon-England (Oxford; New York: Oxford University Press, 1989), p. 70 They soon restored their own royal line on the throne.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 203 Aethelbald found refuge with his kinsman, (Saint) Guthlac of Crowland.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 204 Cuthred made it known he was not as weak a ruler as Athelheard and struggled against Aethelbald being his overlord.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 20 In 519 they defeated Britons at Cerdices ford and took Wessex.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 232 In 830 Wiglaf returned to power in Mercia, but the gains of Kent and southwest England remained with Wessex.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 33 Penda was succeeded by his son Peada.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 34 This had an effect on the acceptance of Christianity in other kingdoms in Britain.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 40 It was probably a name already known in the English midlands and was adopted by the Angles who settled there.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), pp. 34–35 These overkings typically received tribute from other Anglo-Saxon kings in the south.
Frank won many awards during her career, such as the New York Film Critics Circle Awards and the Writers Guild of America Award, and several nominations.
Frantz enters the street quietly.
Fraser then became the temporary Prime Minister.
Fraud often starts by saying there is a free or low price item.
Freak is taken to the hospital.
Frederick became a city in 1909.
Frederick Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby (15 January 1841 – 14 June 1908) was the Governor General Of Canada from 1888–1893.
Fred Rogers Center: Video of Mr. Rogers' testimony.
FreeBSD and Solaris use ZFS as the default root filesystem.
Free-diving has grown in the past 10 years by many people want to be with nature.
Freed of wars with the Daneds, Edward could attend to other issues.
Freeman was married to Pat Nerney from 1945 until their divorce in 1952.
Freeway; this name is shown on some roadmaps.
Freiherr was a title of nobility used in German speaking countries.
Frémont hired Carson at $100 a month as a guide.
French and Chinese colonization didn't involve an excessive migration of people to Vietnam.
French and German armies marched to the Holy Land in 1147, but were defeated.
French began his career in journalism in the late 1950s, before becoming a BBC Radio producer, and later a movie critic.
French people remain proud of Napoleon's glory days.
Frequency-dependent selection happens when, for example, predators learn to take the most common colour variant rather than the less common form.
Frère Jacques is a famous French round.
Freshmen learn liberal arts and sciences there.
Freud acknowledged the tendency for the unconscious to repeat unpleasurable experiences in order to desensitize, or deaden, the body.
Freud argued that children then passed through a stage in which they fixated on the mother as a sexual object (known as the Oedipus Complex) but that the child eventually overcame and repressed this desire because of its taboo nature.
Freud's advance was not to uncover the unconscious but to devise a method for systematically studying it.
Freud’s second essay was explained Infantile Sexuality.
Freud started lecturing on child psychology.
Friedan had wanted to publish an article about housewives who were unhappy with their role, but no magazine would publish the article.
Friedrich Kellner was the chief justice inspector and administrator of the courthouse in Laubach until 1947.
Friendly fighters often came along to help fight the defenders.
Frieza beats Goku to Earth.
Frieza's arrogance refuses to allow him to be beaten and saved by a Saiyan "monkey", and he expends what little energy he has left to attack Goku.
Fright and resentment lent the silent old man an astonishing eloquence for the moment.
Frink gets every question correct in Moe's trivia questions, so they become friends with Frink.
Fritz Schiesser and Philipp Rühlig played the percussion.
Frodo is the Ring-Bearer and a member of the Fellowship of the Ring.
Frogs have tiny teeth inside their mouths.
From 1565 to 1761 they were independent rulers.
From 1845 to 1848, Murger's stories about Bohemian life in Paris were serialized (published in parts) in a French magazine.
From 1863 to 1865 Union forces laid siege to the fort.
From 1893 to 1910, Munch made four paintings of “The Scream”.
From 18 July 2007 to 26 May 2008, the company was in administration and had to be bailed out by the government.
From 1901 until the late 1980s, the Sisters of St Joseph ministered to the local community and lived on this site.
From 1931 to 1947 he served in the State Council of Ceylon.
From 1936 to 1945 it was called Saarlautern.
From 1939 to 1945, the Nazis were constantly making the camp bigger to hold more and more prisoners.
From 1940 to 1944, Monson attended West High School in Salt Lake City.
From 1942 to 1945, he was the head of the institute for industrial research.
From 1949 to 1975 the 3 Regionalligen were the second level.
From 1954 to 1956 Keosayan studied in Plekhanov Moscow Institute of Economy.
From 1959 to 1965, she was associated with Françoise Riopelle at the École de Danse Moderne de Montréal as dancer, teacher and choreographer.
From 1963 to his retirement in 1985, he taught art at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Tunis.
From 1964 to 1967, he was member of the Taganka Theatre company in Moscow.
From 1965 to 1977 he was first assistant and then lecturer at the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris (Paris Institute of Political Science).
From 1967 until his death in 2017, Noonan Jr. was married to Mary Lee Bennett.
From 1968 till his death he was mayor of The Hague.
From 1970 he was Music Director of Australian Opera.
From 1975 and 1978, he was the ombudsman of the television show De Ombudsman.
From 1975 to 1977, he was the Leader of the Opposition.
From 1979-1982 she was the assistant chief of the division, also the first woman to hold such a position.
From 1979 through 1988, he was Chair of the Florida Board of Regents.
From 1979 till 1982 he played in the US-professional league for Ford Lauderdale Strikers and Smiths Brothers Lounge.
From 1981 until his death, he was a Judge on the District Court for the Western District of Virginia.
From 1985 to 1997 he had his own television show called "Fred Penner's Place."
From 1985 until 1987 he played in the jazz rock band CIT., together with Mousse T. and at the same time he worked as a studio musician at the Stakkato Studio in Hannover.
From 1986 to 1992, he was Portugal's first European Commissioner.
From 1987 to his retirement in 1997, he held the chair of "Philosophy and Spirituality" at the same university.
From 1988 to 1995, Mauhart was CEO of Austria Tabak.
From 1992 to 1995, a new round was introduced, called the "Bullseye" round from 1992 to 1994 and the "Bankroll" round from 1994 to 1995.
From 1992 until his death, he was the commanding officer of the Air Force of the Russian Federation.
From 1993 to 2018 he lived in Oslo, Norway; he was professor of music at the Norwegian Academy of Music and he supervised pianist Helge Lien and Morten Qvenild among others.
From 1994–1996, it was home to the Minnesota Arctic Blast of RHI.
From 1995 to 2004 he worked as a prison clergyman in Mírov and until his death he was a pastor in Vyšehorky.
From 1996, he became a central player and wore the number 10 shirt.
From 1996 to 2001 Wilson was bishop of the Diocese of Wollongong.
From 1997 to 1998, he was Minister of the Interior.
From 1998 to 2000, Jacobo's son Abraham Zabludovsky hosted its 10 p.m. successor, simply titled Las Noticias; Joaquín López-Dóriga took over from 2000 to 2016.
From 1998 to 2001, he was the head coach of the Republika Srpska official football team.
From 2000's, popular water parks were disclosed by long wait line problems of attractions.
From 2000 to 2007 and 2011 to 2015, he was the Minister for Foreign Affairs.
From 2002, she had been a professor at Moscow State Art and Cultural University.
From 2003 to 2005, she played for Volley Bergamo.
From 2003 to 2007, he was on the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States.
From 2007 to 2013, McMichael was the head coach of the Chicago Slaughter.
From 2009, she went to United States and Italy.
From 2010 onwards, more fossil material has been discovered, including subadult and juvenile individuals.
From 2011 to 2016, he was Archpriest of the Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore.
From 2012 to 2016, he starred as Marty Kaan on the Showtime comedy series House of Lies; he won a Golden Globe Award in 2013 for the role.
From 2013 to 2016, he starred in his own show Maron.
From 2015 through 2017, she was engaged to fashion editor Chelsea Fairless until they separated.
From 2016, the ground can hold 8,867 people.
From 3000-1900 BC, the Amber Routes ran from Moravia, France and Austria to Russia, England and Spain.
From 31 January, non Australians returning from China had to stay for two weeks in a third country before being allowed into Australia.
From about 1920 to 1930, car manufacturers began creating a closed body on the vehicle.
From ancient times, Jeju-do has been said to have plenty of women, winds, and stones.
From a practical point of view the life-history pattern of elasmobranchs makes this group of animals extremely susceptible to over fishing.
From April 2014 to May 2015 he worked as the director of the Production Center "Note".
From August 1988 to October 1990, he worked with the Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody.
From birth, she was styled Mademoiselle de Valois.
From Caliphate to secular state: power struggle in the early Turkish Republic.
From Dietfurt to Kelheim on the Danube the canal follows the Altmuehl valley.
From her first marriage with singer Sakis Galanis has a daughter and the name of the daughter is Rania. citation Her second marriage was in 1999 and lasted until 2008.
From him it depends largely: whether this manuscript will be accepted for publication as a literary story.
From his debut in 2003, he has produced several “hit” albums.
From his marriage, George Washington owned a substantial amount of farm land, where he grew tobacco, wheat, and vegetables.
", from its seed capsules.
From January 1968 to January 2008, he represented the 34th district in the Virginia House of Delegates.
From June 20, 1997 to 2002 he was Tajik Ambassador to China.
; from Low German geck, from Middle Low German.
From medieval art, the head of the destrier appears to have had a straight or slightly convex profile, strong, wide jaw, and good width between the eyes.
From October 28, 2014, the acting head of the company is Serge Weinberg.
From Sungai Emas to Bukit Meriam, Bujang/Merbok, Pulau Tiga and Kota Kuala Muda one can trace the path of Kedah ancient capitals.
From that point on he got more and more isolated.
From the 1840s to the 1870s, baseball players wore many kinds of hats, such as straw hats.
From the 1950s he was concerned about the nuclear arms race and from 1970 took leading roles in promoting the social responsibility of the scientist.
From the 1990s, newer poets like Azad Rostami and Behzad Kordestani used newer forms in their poetry.
From the 1st June 2008 he coached Bayern Munich until he was dismissed on the 27th April 2009.
From the 2006–07 season to the 2008–09 season, Man United won the league 3 times in a row.
From the end of the 19th century, dozens of much smaller Jovian moons have been discovered.
From the figure, we can deduce that the magnitude of α is limited to 0° ≤ α < 90°.
From the fourteenth century or earlier the annual Midsummer Fair was held on this common land on 24th June and the last such sheep and lamb fair was held in 1913.
From the late 1950s to the mid-1970s, he was a known figure in the Soviet dissident movement.
From the moment she realised that one day she would be Queen, she became very interested in her duties and did all she could to help her father.
From the name Eros we get the word erotic, meaning: to do with sexual love (passionate and physical).
From then until his death in 2014 then he continued to be a very public figure, writing books and often commenting on political affairs.
From then until the outbreak of the American Civil War, anytime a minority sectional dispute came up (often over slavery) the threat of secession would be used.
From the organization's creation in 1966 and ending of campaign in 2007, the UVF were responsible for at least 400 murders, however it is believed the actual figure is closer to 1,000.
From there, it quickly spread to mainland Europe and the United States.
From the second century BC, the people of Lower Armenia (including today’s Karabakh) spoke Armenian.
From the wealthy Lydians, they learned to use money.
From this point of view, he was David I. But traditionally he is known as David IV being the fourth David in the ruling dynasty of Bagrationi.
From this time on it was used in many operations against the Lebanese anti-Israeli groups.
Frost returned to Amherst in 1927.
Frozen got great reviews from movie critics.
Frustrated by this, Clinton sent Cornwallis a number of contradictory messages.
Fry was one of the eldest girls in her family.
Fuchsia has 110 species.
Fuel cells are very quiet.
Fuel oil in the United States is classified into six classes, according to its boiling temperature, composition and purpose.
Fukiji Temple has the oldest wooden structure in Kyushu.
Fukudome was a member of the Japanese national baseball team which won a silver medal in the 1996 Summer Olympics, a bronze medal in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Fulda was made a bishopric in 1752 and the prince-abbots were given the additional title of prince-bishop.
Fulk broke off all relations with Henry and made another marriage alliance with Henry's nephew and enemy, William Clito.
Fulk used his influence with the Templars to get one of his own Angevins, Robert of Craon, elected Grand Master.
Fulla was also the one who Frigg told all of her secrets.
Full completion is expected in 2013, with the first stage to be finished by 2010.
Fullerton brought Ruth there to participate in a study run by Albert Johanson and Joseph Holmes.
Full scan is useful in determining unknown compounds in a sample.
Fu Manchu's daughter, Fah Lo Suee, is a devious mastermind in her own right, plotting to usurp her father's position in the Si-Fan, and aiding his enemies within and outside of the organisation.
Fun and Fancy Free was first released on VHS in 1982.
Furnace Green is a neighbourhood located East of the town centre.
Further comparisons with Stonehenge were quickly noticed by Cunnington – both have entrances oriented approximately to the midsummer sunrise, and the diameters of the timber circles at Woodhenge and the stone circles at Stonehenge are similar.
Further down the river is one of the many castles along the River Rhine, perched even higher than the Apollinariskirche.
Further, he claimed that the injustice was done to different "cursed breeds" what spoiled those breeds even more and made them "to be vengeful against their oppressors".
Further LRT line projects were cancelled in 2008 as there was not enough space to build them over the ground.
Furthermore, the city owned the Aragonese corts in many times.
Furthermore, there is a rock called 'Janggun Rock', meaning 'the General's rock' in Korean language.
Further, some scholars also suggest that around 200 BC because of regular Chinese attacks, the Zomis probably have moved to the north east of Tibet.
Fury in the Slaughterhouse sold about three million recordings of albums made in their time with Hannes Schäfer (1987-1996).
Fusomes are simple openings, or pores, in the walls of certain types of cells.
Fyfe died on 3 December 2020 in Glasgow, aged 82. https://www.
Gabriel Agbonlahor's professional football career started in 2005.
Gabriele begs Simon for forgiveness and promises he will fight for him.
Gabriele Rumi was an Italian businessman and the former owner of the Fondmetal Formula One team.
Gabriel Landeskog of the Colorado Avalanche and Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins, are the second- and third-youngest players to be named captain in NHL history, respectively.
Gabrielle Walsh (born May 10, 1989) is an American actress.
Gabriel Pereira de Castro was born in Braga on 7 February 1571.
Gackt, he is best known for his work with Malice Mizer and his following career as a solo artist.
Gacy's execution was filmed; his last words were, "kiss my ass".
Gadar Tamburawa River – Gongola River –
Gaga has said that the album represents the darker side of fame, and each song shows a certain fear.
Gaga released a short film for the Chromatica song "
Gagarin ejected from the spacecraft after re-entry and landed by parachute.
Gage, Johnson, and Bouquet were outraged when they learned what Bradstreet had done.
Gaia is revered, respected, and even worshipped as a god by some.
Gainsharing is not an individual incentive plan.
Galatasaray won 6–2 on aggregate.
Galeras became active again in 1988 after 10 years of dormancy.
Gale tries to stage a confrontation between Sidney, Jerry, Tom and Cotton Weary (
Gallic and Ligurian troops soon raised his army back to 40,000 men.
Galls can be found almost everywhere in the late summer, especially on the branches of oak trees, like in this picture.
Galois' theory could also be used to show that it was impossible to square a circle and double a cube.
Galton developed the idea of eugenics throughout his life.
Gambela National Park covers about 15% of the land.
Gambling addiction is a serious disease difficult to overcome.
Gambon is a very private person, a ‘non-starry star’ as Ayckbourn called him.
Gamebooks can be a good way to make a subject more interesting.
GameDaily included Hotel Mario in its list of the worst games starring Nintendo mascots, stating its gameplay lacked identifiable Mario elements mainly used in the series.
GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 74% and 73 out of 100 for the PlayStation version; 65% for the Game Boy Color version; and 56% and 51 out of 100 for the Game Boy Advance version.
Games appear in all cultures all over the world, an ancient custom that brings people together for social opportunities.
Gampopa's own followers founded many monasteries which resulted in several sub-schools or branches being established.
Gangneung Olympic Park is located in the neighborhood of Gyo-dong.
García Lorca achieved international recognition as an emblematic member of the Generation of '27.
Garcia was president only for a few months.
Gardeners plant herbs in good soil that has been well-cultivated.
Garfield began his career on the UK stage and in television productions.
Garfield's work led to the development of several Information Retrieval algorithms, like HITS and Pagerank.
Garlic keeps vampires away.
Garlic mustard is another.
Garm, a dog, guards the entrance to the castle of Hel.
Garnett's later movie credits include Prostitute (1980), Handgun (1983), Earth Girls Are Easy (1988) and Beautiful Thing (1996).
Garret Fitzgerald summarised Garret Fitzgerald, Irish Times, September 16, 2006.
Garrey Edward Carruthers (born August 29, 1939) is an American politician.
Garrido was best known for his stints with the Cal State Fullerton Titans and Texas Longhorns.
Garth Fundis who produced her Greatest hits album.
Garuda is also known by another name Vainateya, son of Vinata and Sri Kashyapa prajapathi.
Garvey was born in Jamaica.
Gas attacks were the thing soldiers in the trenches feared over anything.
Gasoline gel was difficult to manufacture because it used natural rubber, which was in high demand and expensive.
Gaston Coeurdoux and others had made similar observations.
Gas was thought to be a better method because it involved fewer people and the ones who helped could be Jews who were replaced gradually.
Gate started on 10 April 1908.
Gauge bosons are what make the fundamental forces of nature possible.
Gaul, or the Frankish Empire, Founded in 481 AD, by Clovis l.
Gay bars once served as the centre of gay culture.
Gay identification with Garland as a tragic figure was being discussed as early as 1967.
Gazzara lastly married Elke Krivat from 1982 until his death in 2012.
Geeta meets him and helps him by giving him a hanky and some milk from her flask.
Geffen is a record label owned by Universal Music Group.
Gegharkunik was named after Gegham.
General Bouille held the same views and wanted to help the king leave Paris.
General Breckinridge sent Witcher and his men of the 34th on ahead of his main force and ordered them to harass the Union army.
Generally benign, except when their lord is transgressed against, they are often invoked to intercede with the lord on behalf of the devotee.
Generally the best tatami uses more and longer igusa rushes.
Generally, the Parvate/Pahari (hilly) Kshatriyas are called as Kshetris or Khas Kshetris.
General Motors reintroduced the Vue to fleets and companies as the Chevrolet Captiva Sport.
General Pakenham, the overall commander, was shot and killed as he rallied his soldiers.
General relativity accounts for the difference between what is seen and what is expected without it.
General William Rowland Richardson (born March 25, 1929) is a retired U.S. Army four-star general.
Generating revenue was not the primary goal of a direct income tax.
Gene Siadek was the only person in the Libertarian Party primary election.
Gene-splicing is cutting out part of a genetic code, with 'restriction enzymes', and adding new code into the gap.
Genets have long tails, about one to one and a half times the length of their bodies.
Geneva is also connected to the motorway systems of both Switzerland (A1 motorway) and France.
Gene Zwozdesky, main (July 24, 1948 – January 6, 2019) was a Canadian politician.
Gen. MacArthur wanted to move his men to defensive positions.
Gennaro Gattuso (born 9 January 1978) is an ex-
Gentrification and the resulting high cost of housing, however, have displaced many immigrants and long-time African American residents, particularly those with young children.
Geoffrey II's first wife was Agnes of Burgundy, the widow of William V of Aquitaine; she and Geoffrey married in 1032, but had divorced by 1050.
Geoffroy's cat is nocturnal.
Geometry Dash SubZero is currently in update 2.2 and has features of the future of Geometry Dash 2.2's level editor.
Geometry of shrines and altars tends to identify these with the cities of the Yajur Veda: they might easily be a thousand years older than this conservative date.
Geopedia.si online project.
Georg Brandes described the Armenian gods in his book: “When Armenia accepted Christianity, it was not only the temples which were destroyed, but also the songs and poems about the old gods and heroes that the people sang.
George and Nico reach the church in Bannockburn and witness the Grand Master of the Templars acquiring a strange power from two huge Baphomet idols (the Sword of Baphomet).
George Harrison began to play with musicians outside the Beatles.
George Harrison, the beatle, was initiated in kriya yoga in USA in Self-Realization Fellowship, an organization created by the known writer and great spiritual master in the west Paramahansa Yogananda.
George liked playing games on the streets of New York.
George was born in 1865.
George Washington Parke Custis (April 30, 1781 - October 10, 1857) was an American writer, orator, and agricultural reformer.
Georgia Gibbs, American singer (d.
Georgia was also involved in War in Abkhazia.
Gerardo Vera Perales (10 March 1947 20 September 2020) was a Spanish costume and set designer, opera director, actor, and movie and theatre director.
German broadcaster NDR also requested that they be allowed to vote in the second semi-final for scheduling reasons.
German forces lost France in just a few months.
Germanicus and Tiberius's son, Drusus, were dispatched with a small force to quell the uprising and bring the legions back in line.
German Ju 52 losses in the battle were about 250 planes.
Germany after Bismarck, the Caprivi era, 1890-1894: Issue 5. Harvard University Press, 1958.
Germany has a long history of poets, thinkers, artists, and so on.
Germany score listed first, score column indicates score after each Kimmich goal.
Germany won it's 1st ever title in the cup.
Gerry Adams, who had joined the Republican Movement in the early 1960s, did not go with the Provisionals until later in 1970.
Gerrymandering works by wasting votes.
Gershwin was suddenly famous.
Gestation lasts two months, and litters contain one or two well-developed young.
Gest produced the highest-rated musical television special in history, in 2001.
Get Low almost three years later.
;Get over: a campaign designed by the bookers to make a wrestler (or a group of wrestlers) either popular or a credible threat; in other words, someone that an audience would pay to see.
Getting It Together.
Getting support from people who have become well from schizophrenia is also strongly recommended.
Getting the oil sands off the ground often destroys large areas of land.
Geysers are usually made because of three things that are around volcanoes.
Ghiyath shortly gave Mu'izz control over Istiyan and Kajuran.
Ghost Hunting is a 2017 Palestinian documentary movie directed by Raed Andoni and starring Ramzi Maqdisi.
Ghost-moths of the world: a global inventory and bibliography of the Exoporia (Mnesarchaeoidea and Hepialoidea) (Lepidoptera).
Ghulam Hamdani Mushafi, the poet first believed to have coined the name "Urdu" for the language around 1790 AD.
Ghulam Sughra started the Marvi Rural Development Organization (MRDO) in her village.
Gia, Chrissy, and Jessica refuse to do them, thus reducing the spending money to $125.
Giancarlo briefly ran a customer Formula One Ferrari as Scuderia Everest in 1976.
Giandomenico Boncompagni (13 May 1932 – 16 April 2017), best known as Gianni Boncompagni, was an Italian television and radio presenter, television director, screenwriter and lyricist.
Giant mountain ash trees, Blackspur Range, Victoria.
Giant pandas are ready to have babies (cubs) when they are between the ages of four and eight years.
Giant planets are also sometimes called jovian planets, the adjective for the name Jupiter.
Gideon and charged him with breaking and entering with intent to commit petty larceny.
Gidget was the first beach party" movie.
Gila made his debut as vignettist in 1945.
Gila River, a river that flows through Arizona, whose name comes from a Pima Indian word.
Gilbert had collected several animals at King George Sound in Australia, including this potoroo.
Gilbert of Mons, Chronicle of Hainaut, Trans. Laura Napran (Woodbridge: The Boydell Press, 2005), p. 6 with Richilde as regent.
Gilders had certain advantages, however.
Giles Corey, American farmer killed in the Salem Witch Trials (b.
Gilgit Baltistan remains part of the Kashmir dispute.
Gillray has been called "the father of the political cartoon".
Gillray was especially hard on the rich, the famous and the most powerful people.
Gilmour's advice is also seen in the final mix, which features "wet" and "dry" sections.
GIMPs own file format is XCF, which is the name of the building where GIMP was written.
Gin Dan Wong (September 17, 1922 – September 1, 2017) was a Chinese-born American architect.
Giraffes can live to 25 years old, and in captivity they can live 35 years.
Girls also held weaving and needlework competitions to see who had the best hands and the brightest mind, both important to being a good wife and mother in ancient China.
Girls are often stockmen on farms.
Girls use their father's family name but an -a is added to the end of the name.
Girl wearing pantyhose for a semi-formal appearance.
Gisela Dulko and Flavia Pennetta won their first Grand Slam title in the women's doubles.
Giselle's mother says her daughter has a weak heart.
GitHub Essentials: Unleash the power of collaborative development workflows using GitHub.
Giuliani also said that Trump "did know the general arrangement" of Cohen's payment, but not "the specifics".
Giulio Cesare was not performed in the 19th century.
Giuseppe Chiaravalloti (born 26 February 1934) is an Italian judge and politician.
Give Me All Your Luvin'
Given that only one officer and an assistant were assigned to warn the people who lived across this huge area, many of the people were never informed, nor did they leave the area.
Given the influence of the temperature of water, as well as the lack of complete adjustment for age, alcohol consumption and smoking, the study concludes that mate is "not classifiable as to its carcinogenicity to humans".
Given the variety of sports in Ireland, it is of interest to note how the government's Capital Sports programme 2017 allocated it's €56 million funds.
Given video cameras by the filmmakers, they shoot exclusive footage of the eviction process, adding vivid intimacy to their story.
Giving mass to an object is referred to as the Higgs effect.
Gladiators fought to the death.
Gladys Davis, his assistant, recorded the readings and his wife, Gertrude Evans Cayce, guided him during hypnosis.
Glaser had a great director career as a film and television.
Glaser was married to Ruth Bonnie Thompson from 1960 until they divorced in c. 1970.
Glassblowers have held on to the old molds.
Glissando is generated by pressing the pedal during the vertebra.
' global development network.
Globalization and the informal economy: how global trade and investment impact on the working poor.
Global multisourcing strategy: The emergence of a supplier portfolio in services offshoring.
Glock: the new wave in combat handguns.
Gloria does not want Richard to argue with Archie.
Gloucester was able to convince people that the two young princes were not the legal heirs to the throne.
Gluck's student short film name Man's Best Friend was awarded the esteemed Walter Lantz Award.
"Glycerine" reached number one for two weeks in December of 1996.
Go-Ahead London is made up of lots of bus companies.
Goaltenders combined for 99 shutouts during the regular season.
Goat Rock is in the southern part of the beach.
Godfried Theodore Patrick Toussaint (1944 – July 2019) was a Canadian computer scientist.
God gave him two boons: one that this land forever will be known as a Holy Land and the other that anyone dying on this land will go to heaven.
God had heard his word and the goats driver punished.
G.O.D. is a band or singer from the Yang family of YG Entertainment or YJP Entertainment or JYP Entertainment.
"God" is named from the start of the song.
God is the King of the World, and his name Adonai lets us know that.
God replies that the people of Babylon will also later be punished.
God says something and the people ask how that can be true.
God showed the sailors that Jonah was to blame, and although they didn't want to, they threw him out of the ship and the storm stopped.
God will give them a new body.
God will punish those who are witches or sorcerers.
Godwin's Law (also known as Godwin's Rule of Nazi Analogies) citation is a saying made by Mike Godwin in 1990.
Godzilla is also known as "The King Of The Monsters"
Godzilla: The Series is an animated science-fiction television series developed by Jeff Kline and Richard Raynis.
GOE is that the Judge grades the quality of the element on a scale of +5 to -5.
Goethe spent many years working on this book.
Goffred albo Jeruzalem wyzwolona is a Polish translation of Torquato Tasso's Gerusalemme liberata (Jerusalem Delivered) (by Piotr Kochanowski.
Goicoechea was officially drawn away from the canton of San José and established by decree via Law No. 36 on December 7, l848.
Going Commando was given a 4/5 from Gamespy and a 5/5 from X-Play.
Going to bed before the usual hour is a frequent cause of night-mare, as it either occasions the patient to sleep too long or to lie long awake in the night.
Going to the Olympics gave a lot of stress to her.
Goku Black went to the past to see Trunks has recovered and he notice Goku, Vegeta and Beerus, Goku flies up to him to challenge him into a fight which Goku Black accepts and Black hits him with an energy blast knocking him into a rocky cliff.
Golden retrievers make very good pets because they are friendly and playful.
Gold had been found in Australia before the 1851 gold rush.
Gold, silver, and copper are quite soft metals and so are easily damaged in daily use as coins.
Goldsmith has been married to Sharon Hennagin from 1950 until they divorced in 1970.
Gon Freecss is the main series protagonist, an athletic, naïve, and friendly boy who becomes Hunter to search for his estranged father Ging.
Gonzalez Sr. died on September 7, 2014, of complications due to multiple organ failure at the Philippine General Hospital.
Good air circulation is required, such as an airing cupboard with the door left open, or a sunny room, aiming for a temperature of 20-32°C.
Goodall saw highly intelligent, emotional creatures living in complex social groups, when other researchers saw non communicating apes.
Goodbye Charlie is a 1964 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Vincente Minnelli and was based on the 1959 play of the same name by George Axelrod.
Goodman also helped racial integration in America.
Goodman joined one of Chicago's top bands, the Ben Pollack Orchestra, at the age of 16, He made his first recordings with them in 1926.
Good relationships can make life very happy.
Goofy and the penguin waiters take orders and deliver various dishes, ranging from conventional to outlandish, to the guests.
Goonetilleke was born on October 20, 1892 in Trincomalee, Ceylon.
Gopurangal Saivathillai is a 1982 Tamil language drama film written and directed by Manivannan.
Gorbachev's policies of perestroika and glasnost created a situation which weakened all the above four principles.
Gordon Freeman wakes up on a train in a place named City 17. He finds the resistance, some humans who fight the Combine.
Gordon killed 26 people and caused $10.8 million in damage.
Gordon reached its secondary peak of 105 mph (165 km/h) on the morning of September 19, before weakening again.
Gorgias: Clearly, Socrates, that which only gives belief.
Gorgoneia are first seen in Greek art at the beginning of the 8th century BC.
Gorgosaurus, like T. rex, had huge jaws with large, sharp, cone-shaped teeth, powerful legs, tiny arms and two-fingered hands.
Gorilla babies begin to hang onto their mothers when they are only a few hours old and will continue to do so for the next three years.
Gossip pointed out Manuel de Godoy, her husband's Prime Minister, was her long-time lover.
Gotham Unbound: How New York City Was Liberated from the Grip of Organized Crime.
Gothel ages rapidly, and falls out the tower window, and is reduced to ash.
Gothic Revival buildings have features that are like real Gothic buildings.
Gottfried, p. 76. The Confederates had 1,982 casualties.
Gottschalk, Louis R. The Era of the French Revolution 1715-1815).
Gough Island is the only place outside South America from which the solar eclipse of September 12, 2034, will be visible; the centre of the path of totality crosses over the island.
Gould, Scharm and the paleontological perspective in evolutionary biology.
Gove High School was closed through school unification.
' Government brought in the Colombo Plan which brought Asian students to Australian universities to help Asian development.
Government Printer, Wellington, New Zealand.
Governments and politics in Russia and the Post-Soviet region.
Governments began to look for ways to care for patients outside of hospitals.
Governments have said they will protect human rights, and then not acted upon it.
Governor Benson undertook no major changes in the state government despite holding two of the states most powerful offices.
Governor Branstad appointed Edward Mansfield, Thomas D. Waterman, and Bruce Zager to replace them in February 2011.
Grace, always known as 'W.
Grace was cited for "
Grade 2 braille uses contractions, which allows to save space and increase reading speed.
Gradually Smetana’s reputation grew and he started to write operas in Czech which became very popular.
Graham Caie was born and raised in Aberdeen, Scotland citation and attended the Aberdeen Grammar School.
Graham was Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of National Defence, Leader of the Opposition and interim Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada.
Grammar studies the different parts of language.
Granada still celebrates the 2nd of January.
Granada won 3–2 on aggregate.
Grand Duke Jean abdicated on 7 October 2000.
Grand Opera, Glyndebourne and the BBC.
Grant Cramer (born November 10, 1961) is an American actor and producer.
Grant Road begins at the intersection of State Route 237 and State Route 82 (El Camino Real) as a four lane divided road and heads southwest past the Mountain View and Grant Park Shopping Centers.
Grant spent the remainder of May maneuvering and fighting minor battles with the Confederate army as he attempted to turn Lee's flank and lure him into the open.
Graphic designers use many skills, rules and techniques to provide the right information.
Graphs can be directed or undirected.
Grass and bush fires are a constant threat to them and flight is the most effective means of escape.
Grass has so little nutrient that continual eating during the day is essential for their survival.
Graves went back to England.
Gravitational waves from an orbiting pulsar.
Gravity anomaly map of the Chicxulub impact structure.
Gravity in a black hole is extremely strong.
Gray was born in Heidelberg, Germany to American parents.
"Great ape" is a common name rather than a taxonomic label and there are differences in usage.
Great Seal of Minnesota with the state motto.
Great Usora created by merging Gomjenice and Brkića stream.
Great White Sharks: the biology of Carcharodon carcharias.
Greece has the largest number of trading ships (a 'merchant navy') in the world.
Greedy algorithms select the best result at each iteration.
Greek mythology connected Ursa Minor and Ursa Major to the story of Callisto and Arcas.
Greek scripts: an illustrated introduction.
Greek soldiers hid inside the horse, and others put the horse on the shore and left in their boats.
Green background for wins.
Greene 2004, p. 12. This created a gold rush.
Green founded and served as the CEO of Align MD a healthcare emergency medicine staffing company.
Greenhouses are used to grow crops in cold countries such as Canada.
Greensburg today is a model "green town".
Green tea seems to lower heart disease expectancy.
Greg Berg (born November 26, 1960) is a voice actor.
Gregory had now become less powerful, and thirteen cardinals deserted him.
Gregory of Tours, in the 7th century, called the city as Talvam vicum.
Grenville was the second son of Richard Grenville and Hester Temple.
Griffin's grandmother, Genevieve Huebsch Gratz, inherited an oil business, three farms, and a seed business.
Grip tape, when put on to the top of a skateboard, gives a skater's feet grip on the deck.
Grishin died on 14 June 2016, at the age of 76.
Grishuk began training in skating at the age of four.
Grisi always danced the title role.
Grist mills (for corn) were undoubtedly the most common, but there were also sawmills, fulling mills and mills to fulfill many other labor-intensive tasks.
Ground fighting is an inherent part of mixed martial arts.
Groups N.R.M., Krambambula, Lyapis Trubetskoy, Neuro Dubel, and best songs from the Tuzin.fm website selection were heard the most. citation Famous people worked for the radio station, such as Oleg Khomenko, Dzmitryj Wajciuszkiewicz, Masha Yar and others.
Grover created a post office in 1886.
Grover looks really worried about them.
Groves C.P; Wilson D.E. Reeder D.M. (eds) Mammal species of the world: a taxonomic and geographic reference.
"Growing up in South Philly and later Turnersville, N.J. gave Linda a street-kid sensibility."
Growing up, Pride dreamed of becoming a baseball pitcher and learned to play the guitar at the age of 14.
Growth is the enlargement of a tissue or organism.
Gruffudd ap Llywelyn ap Iorwerth (c. 1200 – 1 March 1244) was the Welsh first-born son of Llywelyn the Great ("Llywelyn Fawr").
Guadalajara is home to a largely celebrated culture of "New Modern Mexico".
Guadalquivir starts in the Glen of the Sources in the mountains near Cazorla (Jaen province) and ends in Sanlucar de Barrameda (Cadiz province).
Guam is a sought after travel destination.
Guardian Media Group exists to support the main business of its owner, the Scott Trust: to keep the financial and editorial independence of the Guardian forever.
Gucci is seen as one of the most famous, successful, and easily recognizable fashion brands in the world.
Guelleh promptly reappointed him on March 26 and named a new government under Dileita on March 27.
Guests fill the Hall.
Guillotin did not help much with the design, but his name went down in history.
Guinea-Bissau is divided into 8 regions and one autonomous sector.
Gundoald was elected king of Aquitaine in Brive, in the year 584.
Guo invented many astronomy devices: the gnomon, the square table, the armilla, and a water powered armillary sphere called the Ling Long Yi.
Guthrie and his friend.
Guzman attended Schurr High School in Montebello, CA and graduated in 1988.
Gwen, realizing this, apologizes to Mary Jane and leaves.
Habitat for Humanity is a Christian organization.
Had Cole won, Lawler would have been forced to give him his Hall of Fame ring.
Hades was also alluded to have been aware about Nico's romantic feelings for Percy during one of his conversations with his son.
Hadith: Muhammad's Legacy in the Medieval and Modern World (Foundations of Islam series).
Hadley (right) discussing the 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis with Bush and Rice.
Hadrian's Wall was the first of two "great walls" created by the Romans in Great Britain.
Haemoglobin is the protein in red blood cells which carries oxygen.
Hagerstown is a center of transit and commerce.
Hahn became interested in the violin after taking a walk with her father in their Baltimore neighborhood (Zaustinsky 1999).
Hahn's popular works include Rome Sweet Home and The Lamb's Supper: The Mass as Heaven on Earth.
Haines and Shields began careers as interior designers and antique dealers.
Haines and Shields remained together for the rest of their lives.
Haines is the first female National Intelligence Director in American history.
"—hair only where it will be covered by a bikini bathing suit.
", hair on the body of dinosaurs and feathers on birds).
Hajiro's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor.
Hajós later became one of only two Olympians to win a medal in both the athletic and artistic competitions, when he won a silver medal for architecture in 1924.
Halfdan began settling his men in the area of York.
Half of the army was Mongol.
Half of the material that makes wood is cellulose.
Half the states had already abolished Slavery, had prohibited it from the start or were in the process of eliminating slavery.
Hallam held the gantry steady for Pearce as he walked across with one of the girls.
Hall built a house, sheds and stockyards.
Halley's Comet was the first comet to be recognized as periodic.
Hall has had many other legal and drug problems since the 1990s.
Hall remained active in the music industry with FAME Studios, FAME Records, and FAME Publishing.
Hall was sitting cross-legged near a ten-thousand foot cliff's edge, without his gloves, hat, or oxygen, with his climbing suit unzipped.
Halogens placed on carbon that is attached to two other carbon atoms makes the haloalkane a secondary alkane.
Hamilton also had great respect for the small Jewish community in America and was a major supporter of religious freedom.
Hamilton and Denniss argue that people "aspire to the lifestyles of the rich and famous".
Hamilton became Duke of Abercorn in the Peerage of Ireland on the death of his father in June 1979.
Hamilton's mother had a child from a previous marriage that she left behind when she moved to Nevis.
Hamilton's plain looks helped to bring steady work as a character actress.
Hamilton was running in third place.
Hammel, p. 92. Callaghan's force comprised two heavy cruisers, three light cruisers, and eight destroyers.
Handicap rules include Portsmouth Yardstick, International Offshore Rule (IOR), the International Measurement System (IMS), International Rating Certificate (IRC) citation and Americap.
Hand on face - A hand over one's mouth is a closed gesture.
Handshakes and Middle Fingers was released on March 22, 2011.
Hands high, flex wrist, contact the ball with the finger pads, and elbows bent.
Haneta was born on September 30, 1972.
Hanjabam (Hanchapam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin.
Hanja would continue to be the official writing system until the late 19th century.
Hanmun (한문) is about the Chinese Classical writing, but hanja can sometimes be used to generally mean hanmun too.
Hannah led going into Final Jeopardy, while Kate and Michael tied.
Hannibal found Flaminius camped at Arretium.
Hannibal was the Carthaginian general.
Hanover Central railway station was opened in 1843, and the new building in 1879.
Hansford was also an activist in Ferguson.
Happy to be Nappy was made into an award-winning documentary in 2004 called Happy to be Nappy and Other Stories of Me.
Harald's reign was probably one of relative peace and stability, and he set up a viable coin economy and foreign trade.
Harass or harassment is when a person annoys or upsets someone else, usually repetitively.
Hara was born in Nasushiobara on October 19, 1958.
Harbin Ice Festival makes Harbin become China's coolest ice city for a winter holiday trip.
Harbour, killing over 118 people.
Harding is married and has two children.
Hard materials are used in cutting tools, machines and construction materials and other industrial goods.
Hardness is a measure of how much a material resists changes in shape.
Hardy, Air International January 1994, p. 21.
Hardy's classic text A course of pure mathematics was first published in 1908 and has been in print ever since.
Haren Noman died on 6 February 2021 in Amsterdam, aged 103.
Harkishin played Gary Lobo in the Jonathan Creek episode "Danse Macabre".
Harman would not say sorry.
"Harper Lee raises her low profile for a friend; The author of 'To Kill a Mockingbird' shuns fanfare.
Harrington had 3,174 people in 2000.
Harrison (1998, 51-2) quotation: Its use as 'the sum of the qualities which constitute an individual' is a mC17 development.
Harrison had recorded parts of the album in India, and parts in England.
Harrison's first wife was Carrie Harrison.
Harrison walked out during one lunch break, saying he had had enough.
Harris was in the U.S. military and later worked for about 25 years for American Hoist & Derrick.
Harris was unusual because taking photographs was part of his regular job in one city.
Harron was known for his roles in Charlie Farquharson and in Anne of Green Gables – The Musical.
Harry constantly tries and fails to win his father's approval.
Harry Edward Styles was born on 1 February 1994 in Redditch, Worcestershire, England, the son of Anne Twist (née Selley, formerly Cox) and finance worker Desmond "Des" Styles.
Harry launched the Invictus Games in 2014, and remains patron of its Foundation.
Harry's talent makes most of the other students suspicious of him.
Harry survived the encounter.
Hart and Walker retired on November 26, 2008.
Hartman currently lives in Bell Canyon, California, with his wife, Julieann, and daughters, Carly and Sophia.
Hartman was born in Highland Park, Michigan to Elmer Earl Hartman III and Carol Davis.
Harvey died on 2 March 2013 at the North Shore Private Hospital in St Leonards, Sydney.
Harvey said he started out killing to "ease the pain" of patients.
Has also allowed his country to have WIFI for the first time.
Has also used the aliases Jenny Stone, Misti Stone and Misty.
Hasari comes to Max's aid.
Haskell main Chevalier, Tim (28 January 2008).
Has several forums and discussions open to the public.
HaTnu'a HaYeruqa was founded in 2008.
Hattusili led the Hittite forces in the Battle of Kadesh against Egypt in 1274 BC.
Have you understood all these things?
Having a spirit come into is wanted, and important.
Having been called a leading lyricist of his generation, he was part of a movement now known as Cool Cymru.
Having done this I am prepared to accept nothing but the highest standard of service by way of return."
"Having grown up in Perth Amboy, Stritch has vivid memories as a child of taking day trips not down the shore but to New York City with her parents."
Having made some two hundred recordings, Gedda is said to be the most widely recorded tenor in history.
Having money doesn't exempt you from being black in America."
Having seen him commit genocide on the Racnoss, she urges him to find a new companion to act as his moral support.
Having this money allowed him to hire mammal collectors and to give their specimens to the museum.
Hawkeye's real name is Clinton Francis "Clint" Barton.
Hawthorn flies mature later in the season and take longer to mature than apple flies; and there is little evidence of interbreeding (researchers have documented a 4-6% hybridization rate).
Hayashi's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in frontline fighting in northern Italy in 1945.
Hayato Koga is responsible for the lead guitar.
Haycox, Stephen, Alaska: An American Colony (University of Washington Press, 2002), pp. 201-02.
Hayden then teleports the Doom Slayer to an unknown place, and right afterwards, the game's credits are shown.
Hayek longed to be an actress and ended the study.
He accompanied Jasmine, Lief and Barda on all three quests.
He achieved many club honors with AC Milan, but did not play with the starting eleven players.
He acted in movies and on television.
He acted mostly in movies.
He actually wanted to become a professional wrestler unlike his friends and thought of it more than just simple fun.
He added, “I’m looking forward to seeing you do even more wonderful things in the future.”
He addressed it to senior officials in the military.
He administered vast sections of the Soviet state.
Head of the Higashikata family and owner of the Higashikata Fruit Company.
Head of the Laboratory of New Technologies in Music Education, Moscow State Pedagogical University.
He adopted the identity of El Gato Negro and his success as a luchador caused him to have many adventures outside of the wrestling ring before he finally retired in the late '60s.
", "Headstrong", "Not that Girl" and "Over It".
Healing was only part of their function.
He allowed sub-kings to rule it for him.
He allows Robin and Maid Marian to be married and leave Nottingham with Little John and Skippy in tow.
He along with a group of people used to burn foreign clothes publicly and used to boycott foreign schools, he was only 13 years old.
He along with Pig, Pip, Freddy, and Peck help Otis defeat the Coyote pack.
He also accused her of anti-Catholicism.
He also acted in six movies between 1968 and 1998.
He also appeared as a contestant on Australia's Got Talent and placed third in the competition.
He also appeared in the miniseries Bodyline.
He also asked Jesus many questions.
He also attended dance school and learned to play the piano.
He also authored over six novels detailing the Assamese way of life.
He also becomes "unstuck in time" and experiences his life in a random order of flashbacks.
He also believed he would have the support of the United States.
He also bought modern weapons for the Ottoman Army and expanded it.
He also called BCS games for Fox most notably with Terry Donahue and Pat Haden and sideline reporter Laura Okmin.
He also can decide when life should end.
He also caused the Amalekites to lose in a battle.
He also changed the boy's name to Pietro Metastasio.
He also changed the personal apartments of the Empress.
He also claimed that his bloated appearance was unstable, and that a single touch may set him off when dissuading Gohan from trying to stop him.
He also coaches football.
He also competed in late model races around his hometown of Topeka later in life.
He also composed music for the stage and taught at universities of music in Cologne and Saarbrücken.
He also conducted his "Eight Childhood Lyrics".
He also could not contact anyone.
He also created the child-oriented website Poptropica.
He also directed and wrote Kon Khon (2011).
He also directed four episodes of the second season, two of the third season, and four of the fourth season.
He also directed the movie musical Show Boat (1936).
He also discovered and developed the mathematical foundations.
He also edited over sixty books and published several papers.
He also featured in B. R. Panthulu's Aayirathil Oruvan the same year as a doctor who joins, and later becomes the leader of, a rebellion against a dictator.sfncheck citation Both the films were major commercial successes.
He also figured out how to help people with phantom pain.
He also forecasts for three Australian newspapers, the Sydney Daily Telegraph, the Melbourne Herald Sun and the Perth Sunday Times.
He also gives Hazel a vision that inspires Hazel to set up the release of the Nuthanger Farm dog to save the Watership Down warren from General Woundwort.
He also grew up in the Spokane area.
He also had a sister whose name was Makbule (Atadan).
He also had five scores rushing.
He also had good stage manners to match.
He also had roles in Are You Being Served?, Hi-de-Hi! and Z Cars.
He also has a sliding move where he can kick enemies and blocks.
He also has nicknames for the whole purush mandal as he calls, Taarak Mehta as Mehtoos, Popatlal as Dibba, Bhide as Bhindi Master, Dr. Haathi as “Haathida” and Iyer as “Iyerdi”.
He also held positions on the executives of large agricultural organisations in later years.
He also helped create the Lebanese alphabet.
He also hosted an episode of Comedy Central's Live at Gotham.
He also hosted Prime Time Noles.
He also hosted the game show Get the Message for ABC in 1964.
He also is changing the country's foreign policy.
He also is the god of justice.
He also is the host of the educational children's shows The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss and The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That.
He also kept some pieces of Dead's shattered skull.
He also liked driving cars.
He also, like many contemporary Bhakti saints, refuted complex Brahminical Rituals and Sacrifices, in favour of true and complete devotion to god by means of song, dance, or japa (simple chanting of god's name).
He also made a guest appearance on World Wrestling Entertainment's WWE Raw.
He also made appearances on television sports networks as a commentator for AVRO and Eurosport.
He also made Birmingham the foremost British force in the use of police wireless by establishing in 1942 a "duplex" ultra high-frequency two-way radio telephone system linking every police station and every police car.
He also made portraits of the US presidents from John Quincy Adams bis Ulysses S. Grant.
He also made the term "subjects-of-a-life" popular.
He also met the coach and players.
He also noticed that they were using similar words.
He also organised court events that would bring the queen and king together more happily.
He also oversaw the economic development of Liechtenstein from a poor agricultural backwater into one of the richest countries (per capita) in the world.
He also painted many religious works and illustrations of historical events.
He also played an American spy in the series Assignment Vienna.
He also played club rugby in the United Kingdom and Italy.
He also played for Kwangaku Club (All Kwangaku) which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates.
He also played for the Czech Republic national team.
He also played for the Mississauga Ice Dogs for 2 seasons, the Windsor Spitfires for 2 seasons and the Belleville Bulls for 1 season.
He also played for the Ottawa Senators.
He also played for the Queensland Reds.
He also played Harry Foster Malone in It Happened to Jane.
He also played in theatre.
He also possibly ruled as king of Strathclyde during his reign.
He also printed small books that were easy to carry.
He also produced movies, including: Nashville (1975), Diner (1982), The Karate Kid (1984), and the 2001 remake of Ocean's Eleven (2001).
He also reached the Quarterfinal at the World Cup, at the WTTC he won bronze with the team.
He also received Obie Awards for his role in The End of the Day and as co-director of Peter and the Starcatcher.
He also represented by the word "Mysterious" (traditional Chinese: 神; Pinyin: shén).
He also said, "Although Hootie & the Blowfish aren't innovative, they deliver the goods.
He also said that he wanted his thoughs to be "carried on the wind".
He also said that the reviews became better.
He also says nihilism is "not only the belief that everything deserves to perish".
He also served as a play-by-play voice for the Oakland Athletics, San Francisco/Golden State Warriors, and San Francisco Giants.
He also served as captain in many matches.
He also served in the Maryland House of Delegates (1967–87), serving as Speaker (1979–87).
He also signed the Sherman Anti-Trust Act which gave the U.S. government the power to regulate big businesses.
He also sometimes plays guitar or keyboard instead of bass.
He also spent a few years teaching grade school.
He also starred in the movies Two Hands (1999) and The Dish (2000).
He also stars in '
He also stars in the Living Legend show in Jersey, Channel Islands.
He also started the internet "hate campaign" against Paty that caused Anzorov to kill Paty.
He also studied at the United States Army War College.
He also supported détente, an easing of the rivalry with the Soviets.
He also thought that Aquarius was the God of the Nile.
He also told how Mortadelo and Filemón met each other.
He also took land towards the east.
He also took the head of Festus to Bunker 9 for Leo.
He also took two first places, two second places, two third places and seven pole positions.
He also voiced many other characters from other video games.
; he also wanted China to produce a lot of goods.
He also wanted Edwin's power over the other kingdoms.
He also was the first president of the Vienna Football association after the World War.
He also watched over the Thievius Raccoonus in Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time when the Cooper Gang was time traveling to save the book.
He also wears a yellow coat and blue pants with sneakers as well as a huge bow tie with the same color scheme as the Mask's tie.
He also wears the common armor that most of Lord Frieza's men have, including the shoulder pads and a green scouter.
He also won the 2006 Paris–Bourges race.
He also won the bronze medal in the road race at the 1954 UCI Road World Championships.
He also won the Deuces Wild Tournament in 2008 with Homicide.
He also won the Ronde van Noord-Holland (1966), Grand Prix de Wallonie (1968), Eschborn-Frankfurt City Loop, and one stage of the Olympia's Tour (1965).
He also won two runner-up titles in 2006 and 2009.
He also worked on sequels to Super Mario Bros and The Legend of Zelda.
He also wrote about science in a simple way that ordinary people could understand.
He also wrote about shapes (
He also wrote a famous song called "The Rosary" and "Mighty Lak' a Rose".
He also wrote a full-length play in verse: The Foothold, which remains unpublished but was performed by The Government College Dramatic Club in Lahore.
He also wrote books about his career and support many foundations.
He also wrote Causes and Cures of Criminality.
He also wrote, directed and starred in the movie Dough Boys (2008).
He also wrote plays and some important essays about literature.
He also wrote the script for Dagli Appennini alle Ande.
Health in Victorian London was vastly improved by engineering works for sewage treatment and water supply.
Healthy people were often kept for slave labor, and were forced to work until they were too sick or starved to work as fast as the Nazis wanted.
He always honoured better players than him like Garfield Sobers or Don Bradman.
He always keeps an eye on ASR & Pakhi.
He always knew who Dev's real parents were.
He always opens his songs with the words "Na na naii".
He always wanted to be better than Kōsei at playing the piano.
He and Bridget had four children: Mercy and Samuel, Jr., unknown female and Elizabeth.
He and his brother Eteocles killed each other.
He and his cousin started to fight because Kamehameha showed more respect to the gods than to his cousin.
He and his horse May-Queen won the silver medal as members of the German team at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He and his officers said they would fight until they died.
He and his supportes voted against the laws, and the government, no longer controlling a majority, called an early election.
"He and his wife, Patricia McLain, and their daughter and two stepdaughters, live in Teaneck, New Jersey."
He and Jackson became friends, but this ended after Jackson outbid McCartney for ownership of the publishing company which owned most of the Beatles's music.
He announced in his new year's message on 1 January 2016, that he would be stepping down from the presidency at the end of his fifth term, namely on 1 August 2016.
He appeared 16 times for his country between 1937 and 1941.
He appeared in 45 movies between 1938 and 2018.
He appeared in 58 more in 2006–07 and attracted greater attention from NHL scouts in the 2007 playoffs, scoring 11 points in 13 games.
He appeared in 86 movies and television shows between 1946 and 2008.
He appeared in many roles on television, becoming a staple on television screens.
He appeared in over 50 movies during his career.
He appeared in the 1986 Christmas movie, A Smoky Mountain Christmas, as Vernon.
He appeared in the Speedway World Championship finals three times, finishing fifth in 1970.
He appeared regularly at the Black Cat. Sarria co-founded several organizations dedicated to gay interests.
He appears in all the books.
He appears in all the Shrek movies.
He appears in almost every episode in the first two seasons in the cold openings, which involved him and his helper Steve doing random things.
He appears in the two short films entitled 'The Watchmaker' and 'The Office of the Watchmaker' on the Canadian Band Rush live DVD/Blu Ray of 'Clockwork Angels Tour' released in 2013.
He appointed Zerubbabel (the grandson of the second to last Judean king, Jehoiachin) governor, but did not allow the restoration of the kingdom.
He argued that land is not something that can be occupied.
He argued that the trance like state that a person went into, which he called hypnotism, was a state of mind.
He argues that their main goal was to maintain the new people's ability to govern their own lives.
He arrives, but on a wheel chair, to her utter shock and disbelief.
He ascended the throne when he was 20, having been made heir by his uncle Emperor Cheng, who was childless, and he reigned from 7 BC to 1 BC.
He ascended to the throne in 1580 at the age of 15 and ruled for 31 years.
He asked a lot of questions.
He asked for more troops.
He asked his friend to make sure that all his writings which were not published, including his three novels, would be destroyed when he died.
He asked Khadijah to give her 40 sheep.
He asked questions about the meaning of life and goodness.
He assaults Kika with serious force and is then pulled from her by two unknown people.
He assumed senior status on April 23, 1990.
He assumed this position on January 3, 2017.
Heather Ann Nauert (born January 27, 1970) is an American journalist and government official.
Heather Donahue won a Razzie Award for Worst Actress.
He attempted to create the international language with a grammar that was rich, and complex.
He attended and graduated from Argyle Secondary School.
Heavenly Eden is also mentioned.
Heavy-lifting helicopters fetch water from the offshore flotilla, 15 January.
Heavy metal bands sometimes behave in a dramatic way when they play their instruments or sing. However, many heavy metal bands do not like to do this.
Heavy rainfall and tropical-storm force winds were recorded across all of the Florida Keys, South Florida and the southern half of Central Florida, bringing bad flooding.
Heavy steel layers were built on to the dreadnoughts as protection, which made them very strong and hard to sink.
Heavy Stereo were archers band from 1993-1999, the majority of there material can be found online at YouTube as it is not on streaming sites.
Heavy trucks are the heaviest trucks that are allowed on the road.
He batted and threw left-handed and served primarily as a starting pitcher.
He batted and threw right-handed and was mainly a starting pitcher.
He battled cancer for 11 years.
He became a Canadian citizen on July 16, 2010.
He became a civil servant to mixed success.
He became a doctor in law in 1901, and associate professor in 1902.
He became an American citizen in 1963.
He became an associate of Magnum Photos in 1973 and a full member a year later.
He became a naturalized French citizen only in December 1901, when he was already a champion cyclist, winner of the second Paris-Roubaix.
He became an author, and also served as a U.S. ambassador to Belgium.
He became an executive for Royal Crown Cola.
He became a ranger for crown lands in 1862 and retired in 1885.
He became a regular center back from first season.
He became a regular player as center back from later 1990s.
He became a regular player as offensive midfielder from first season.
He became a regular player from 2003.
He became a regular player from 2012 and was selected "Best Young Player award".
He became a senator of the United States.
He became a top scorer 7 times and was selected Best Eleven 14 times.
He became chairman of the board after he was re-elected.
He became director of the Madrid Conservatory and received many honours.
He became friends with Frank Gardiner.
He became governor of Michigan in 1991.
He became king at the age of 9 when his father died.
He became king in 1991.
He became king or as he himself wrote; "knug", on 15 September 1973.
He became known for his bow ties and his crew cut, though he stopped both fashions later in his career.
He became Minister of Defence of Latvia in 2014 and held that office until becoming President in 2015.
He became more famous by acting in "Pejman"
He became one of the city's richest men.
He became one of the richest men of his era.
He became popular in Australia in the 1950s, then Britain from the 1960s and finally in America in the 1990s.
He became Principal Conductor of the Gothenburg Symphony.
He became sultan in 1517 after Sikandar Lodi died.
He became the Attorney General of Nevada in 2015.
He became the first Irish president to resign.
He became the first shortstop in the history of the National League to win the MVP award in back to back seasons.
He became the Orioles'
He became the second Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1987.
He became the UK's sixth boxing champion.
He became the vice president of Motown.
He became the World Champion at the age of 15 in 2009.
He became the youngest driver to win the championship, at 19 years and 2 months.
He became very rich after earning much money in meatpacking industry.
He became well known in 1960 after his report on the independence of the Congo "Afrika im Jahre Null" ("Africa in Year Zero").
He becomes a villain because he grows jealous of Aquaman and how he becomes King of Atlantis.
He becomes furious and tries his best to break them up.
He becomes one of the most emblematic representatives with Daddy Yankee (with whom he will duet) and his albums become true standards of the musical genre and sold over 4.5 million of copies and earnings of $ 4,700,000 million of dólares.
He becomes the new swordsman at Camp Half-Blood under the name Quintus.
He began at Bornholms Tidende as a reporter, and at age 26, was named chief editor.
He began calling himself Mr E. as a teenager because it sounded "mysterious."
He began carving the statue's feet, chest and a hole between the legs.
He began exploring Port Phillip Bay.
He began his boxing career in 2017.
He began his career at age 21. He had been a bodybuilder since he was 14 years old.
He began his career in stage acting in 1963. citation His first film appearance was in Raja Sannasi (1966).
He began his career in the 1950s and was active until his death in the 2010s.
He began his career when he was a teenager.
He began his career with the Department of Geological Survey of Nigeria as Field Geologist.
He began his own experiments.
He began his political career as a student and youth leader.
He began his screen acting career in 1971.
He began his term as President in 2012.
He began his term as President in 2012 and ended in 2017.
He began lessons in drawing in 1910.
He began working as a teacher at the Children's Community School (CCS).
He believed he was the last of the Time Lords, until he discovered that the Master had also survived.
He believed that having freedom of speech was important for democracy.
He believes it a god and bows in worship before it.
He boarded the ship with Arai Ikunosuke as a surveyor of the sailing ship.
He boldly insisted that he had time to finish the game and defeat the Spanish Armada afterwards.
He bought him a few drinks and told him that he was more qualified to write it because he was a Virginian and he was simply a better writer.
He bought it so that the shark can stay on top of the house.
Hebron Rehabilitation Committee, 1 April 2014.
He brought with him Eadfrith, the son of Edwin, as a prisoner possibly to set up as a puppet ruler in Northumbria under Penda.
He build Jamia Masjid with impressive gateway of red stone known as Buland Darwaza in this new capital.
He built a 40-room mansion there.
He built Tutbury Castle as his main residence.
He called for session on October 28, 1861 and, although deposed, officially claimed Missouri to have joined the Confederacy in November 1861.
He called upon the legislature to authorize a state constitutional convention on secession.
He calls himself lovable, cute and furry.
He calls Jesus 'the Word' because Jesus was how God told people about himself.
He came close to being shot by the rebel volunteers.
He came from a prominent family.
He came second in the 2002 election.
He came to power around 750 CE in Gaur after being elected by a group of regional chieftains (leaders).
He can also be the guardian angel of happy meetings.
He can be proud, and likes people to think he is great.
He can be seen on a stela from about 1522 BC hunting near Memphis.
He can cook well.
He can talk, and is the smartest human family member.
He can wiggle his ears and nose.
He captained Bangladesh at 2007 ICC World Cup.
He captained the Australian national rugby league team in five undefeated test matches from 1962 until 1964 and later also coached the side.
He captained the Australian team to a 5-0 whitewash in the 2013 Ashes series.
He catches the magical Firebird.
He chaired the Freedom Caucus from 2017 to 2019.
He changed the name to Jichang Yuan (寄畅园).
He changed the way people thought about cello technique.
He chose this name in 1920.
He circumnavigated the world four times and published a book about his experiences.
He claims that he had nothing, but a bathtub full of pork butt and according to him, he rules "the ninth largest meat buffet in the universe".
He cleans up after the Teletubbies ("Noo-Noo tidy up!").
He coached the Golden Seals for one year before he decided to coach the Portland Buckaroos for five years.
He co-founded the first coding bootcamp program in 2011 citation and is the CEO of CodeNow.
He co-founded the Hong Kong daily newspaper Ming Pao in 1959 and was its first editor-in-chief.
He collected about 150 folk songs in Norfolk and Suffolk and made many arrangements of them.
He collected many hundreds of these cars.
He collected Native American Kachina Dolls, which are made by the Native Americans of Arizona.
He competed at five Paralympic Games and won nine medals, four of them gold.
He competed from 1984 to 2002. citation He is a two-weight world champion.
He competed from the late 1950s to the mid-1960s.
He competed in 88 Grands Prix achieving one win and eight podium finishes.
He competed in the late 1940s.
He competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s.
He composed more than 2500 songs.
He composed over 90 works - for organ, chamber and orchestral music.
He composed the music to “O Canada” which soon became the Canadian national anthem.
He conducted an experiment that focused on competition.
He conducted many modern and classical operas.
He considered it to be Gewisse.
He continued to compose, although he often had difficulty finishing pieces.
He continued to write music including odes to the king and royal family.
He could find in the ancients "a powerful impetus to revive the contemporary world in light of its accomplishments".
He could not eat his food because his teeth were worn out.
He could not help but think specially pleasing thoughts on that day.
He could not play many matches for injuries until 2011, he became a regular player from 2012.
He could not return to the public service.
He could now think about taking a wife.
He co-wrote many tracks and played guitar on the band's first three albums: On Through the Night, High 'n' Dry, and Pyromania.
He co-wrote the song "Love Yourself", which became a number-one hit for Bieber in the UK, US, Canada, and Australia, and the song finished as the number-one song of 2016 in the US.
He crashed face-first into the scenery.
He created a lot of great paintings in next 10 years.
He created the albums "Kingdom Came" and the year after "American Gangster".
He created the Environmental Protection Agency, citation supported anti-drug laws, supported anti-crime laws, and supported anti-discrimination laws.
He created the perfect feel for the song.
He created the term Engaged Buddhism in his book Vietnam: Lotus in a Sea of Fire.
He creates poems and songs praising Napoleon.
He currently calls races for the Motor Racing Network.
He currently holds the record in the Hebraic Triathlon (2004) with a time of 1:53:04.
He debuted in July 1998 and he played many matches from 1999 season.
He debuted in September 2002 and became a regular center back in 2003.
He decided he must not compose like Wagner, but that he needed to find his own style of composing.
He decided that joining an army band would be best for his future.
He decided to apply.
He decided to concentrate more on his producer career than his rap career.
He decides to run away when he finds out he is not the son of Arsheesh.
He defeated it by stabbing the soft tissue in its belly.
He delayed the Port Moresby landings to 12 May.
He demonstrated that a Catholic priest serving his people would not be against his Church and faith.
He described families, Yahi names, and the ceremonies that he knew.
He described it as being the size of a small cow.
He described the dynamic and petrologic evolution of Earth's crust and mantle.
He describes the rhythms he uses and how they relate to one another.
He destroyed some buildings and a car.
He developed a distinctive philosophical approach which he called "transcendental pragmatics" (Transzendentalpragmatik).
He developed ways of writing rhythms.
Hedges' father went to high school with Tom Petty.
He did his first writing here in a student paper.
He did not create the word himself.
He did not do well in sports, but by 1910 he made up coaster racing, an early kind of soapbox racing.
He did not finish it until 1833.
He did not get a base hit, but the Dodgers won 5–3.
He did not know anything about ballet, but he composed one called Namouna.
He did not know the force to his left were mainly unarmed militia.
He did not share this role with Dylan.
He did not think it was as good as the DFV.
He did not want the United States to get its military involved in Latin America.
He didn't appear on TV interviews until 2010.
He didn’t help me a bit.
He didn't listen and in April 1939 issue of Přítomnost he wrote an article Dynamický život (Dynamic life) about the 50th birthday of Adolf Hitler.
He didn't return until the 1971-72 season playing only nine games before he retired.
He didn't want Egbert in England.
He did that in 1916.
He did this at first to keep the Portuguese merchants living in Nagasaki in one area.
He did this in an experiment using dogs.
He did this to replace the large amount of naming and symbol systems used by chemists at that time.
He died at his home in Summerville, South Carolina on December 10, 2017 of problems caused by cirrhosis.
He died at the age of 71 due to illness in the year 2017.
He died at the height of his power in March 12 BC.
He died in 1972 and till her death she lived alone.
He died in 2013 of cancer.
He died in 24 April 2020.
He died in an accident at a railway crossing in Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania.
He died in Barbados on 18 January 1927.
He died in battle against Vikings.
He died in his hometown Sainte-Juliette, France on 3 March 2021, aged 65.
He died in Ipswich in 1999, at the age 76.
He died in Stockholm on 3 April 1868.
He died in Tehran on 14 March 1926.
He died in Tehran on 23 November 2016.
He died in Wethersfield in November 1678.
He died May 22, 2010 from cancer.
He died of a heart attack at a hospital while Donald was at a movie theater.
He died on 13 March 1958.
He died on December 13, 1947.
He died one day before his 78th birthday.
He died on July 25 (July 18) in 1841 in Pyatigorsk.
He died on May 10, 1863.
He died on New Year's Day of 1953.
He died shortly afterwards, although he still managed to compose his Trois chorals for organ just before he died.
He died there after a short illness, on 19 November 1949.
He died there in 1970 at age 25, after a long and successful career as a sire.
He died with only a few hundred dollars in the bank.
He disappears, but he and Hotaru hug.
He discovers that Westley is not dead but only "mostly dead" because of his true love for Buttercup.
He discovers the other policeman dead in the swimming pool.
He disguises himself as a swineherd and gets a job tending the pigs at the palace.
He dismisses them as "
He dit it, however, in one short poem.
He does, however, reappear three stories later in The Android Invasion, both as the original Harry and an android double.
He does most of the calculations for elevation, windage, and hitting a moving target.
He does not perform well in sports.
He does not take anything for being helpful.
He does not want to come back, but when Dumbledore shows Harry, he says okay.
He does so and throws his unconscious body into a river, but has a change of heart, and saves him at the last second, accidentally losing him on Pacha's cart.
Hedonic adaption was developed in 1971.
He drank and drank but it was still burning.
He dropped out of the department of economics in Housei University.
He drove in both the US Barber Formula Dodge and US Star Mazda Series.
He dwelt there in a palace of great splendour, surrounded with wealth and signs of power.
He earned 12 caps for the Netherlands at international level.
He earned his first West End theatre role, then went to national stardom in the play Brighton Rock.
Heels usually wider than in this illustration.
He encapsulates the spirit of young America, when the wilderness was limitless and beguiling.
He encouraged Missourians to defend the institution of slavery "with the bayonet and with blood" and, if necessary, "to kill every God-damned abolitionist in the district."
He entered on Day 1. He was nominated for eviction the first week because he failed to hide his relationship with Lisa by pretending to be dating Stephanie.
He entered the Danish Parliament in 1872 as a member of Folketinget and held a seat there for the following 23 years.
He entered the Marine Corps in 1957.
He entered the NHL and played with the Black Hawks for 5 games before rejoining the Americans.
He enthroned in Beijing and became the Emperor of the Shun Dynasty.
He escaped from the camp in 1943.
He even controlled the distribution of his alcohol.
He even had the same birthday.
He even tries to kill Chocolat once.
He eventually dealt with the situation with his sharp political acumen and secured their accession.
He eventually discovers that there are many magical people, living secretly and hiding from non-wizards (known as "Muggles").
He eventually gets so sick and tired of the animals still disturbing him with setups and vandalism that he confides in Bea, though she seems confused, telling him that a rabbit shall never harm anyone.
He eventually married someone else and had two kids.
He eventually taught himself how to play the drums.
He eventually won and became President of Nigeria in 2015.
He even worked in OFK Petrovac, FK Kom, FK Mladost, Montenegro U-19 national team and Hajer FC.
He exhibited his paintings worldwide.
He experimented with new ideas of composition.
He experimented with new ways of composing which many people did not understand at the time.
He explains what he saw and what happened to him.
He explored below the surface to the bottom and all he found was mud which he brought back to the surface.
He expressed both his love for her and his belief that he would be saving her soul.
He failed and many of his men were killed.
He falls deeply in love with Francesca, who he considers a far more complicated woman than others realize.
He felt a considerable devotion for Sister Mary of Jesus de León y Delgado, even financing his funeral and his grave.
He felt extremely sad when they split up.
Heffermehl, 2008: p. 39 A group of five people, to be called the Norwegian Nobel Committee, would decide who should win the prize.
He filled a sheep's skin with salt and left it in front of the dragon’s cave.
He finally decided to return to Colombia and began performing at various urban clubs in Medellín and increasing his social media afterwards.
He finally set out from Fort Pitt on October 3, 1764, with 1,150 men.
He finds himself in a state of depression, unhappy and unsatisfied with his new artificial IQ.
He finds the key, but puts it in his pocket and does not tell her.
He finished first in the one person BC2 boccia game.
He finished his law studies at the University of Ghent in 1885.
He finished his studies in 1958.
He finished in the money four times during the 2006 WSOP, coming in second place in the $3,000 Omaha Hi/Lo event.
He finished in third place, winning a bronze medal.
He finished second in biathlon and cross-country skiing at the senior French championships.
He finished second in the 86 kg group.
He finished the year seventh in the Italian series with 196 points and scoring a single podium at Valencia.
He finished third all three times.
He first appeared as the main antagonist of Mortal Kombat II (1993).
He first became known with his song "Her Gece" ("Every Night") in 1995.
He first described it in 1958.
He first developed Hilton Head Island into a popular destination.
He follows her and turns invisible like her.
He forgot to send orders to several of his corps.
He formed a transition council to help with the change in government.
He formed his band Les Chats Sauvages in 1961.
He formed such groups as the Early Music Consort of London.
He formed the electronic music trio The Sabres of Paradise in 1993, starting a record label under the same name.
He fought in a number of campaigns until 1782 when he resigned from the army and two years later arrived in Britain.
He fought in close quarters combat; and he stayed behind to provide covering fire while his unit withdrew.
He fought Kurohime when she first challenged the gods.
He fought professionally from 1996 until 2011, winning 17 out of his 33 fights.
He founded (started) the English Anglican church.
He founded the company Solvay & Cie.
He founded the group Balkanika in 1998.
He founded the leftist political party National Progressive Union Party (Tagammu) in 1976.
He found out about the Confederates's plans.
He found out about they needed a bass player while online.
He found some comets, such as the periodic comet 22P/Kopff and the non-periodic C/1906 E1.
He found the Chung-Kiang doctor who had treated Conway.
He found working on Team Umizoomi "comforting" because many of the same crew, producers, and creators had also worked on Blue's Clues.
He gained attention for his slam dunks.
He gave Evelyn the job of first oboe in this orchestra.
He gave the species its name, Megalosaurus bucklandii.
He gave up power a week later as part of an agreement.
Hegemony often describes the relationship of a great power to nearby less powerful countries.
He gets mad at the changes he sees in the world and wants to go back to when life was more easier.
He gives an anti-Augustan perspective, whereas many other sources and histories were written to flatter Augustus (
He gives warning by posture and sound.
He goes home and lives happily ever after, and teaches younger people to have adventures.
He goes to see Dr. Howard Mierzwiak (
He go for several days without speaking to anyone.
He got his first taste of hematology when he had to perform multiple blood transfusions on the wounded soldiers.
He got married in 2018 to his Wife caris ball.
He got the church to build many temples in the United States and elsewhere around the world.
He got the idea by purchasing ingredients to make ice cream.
He got the land that now is Arlington National Cemetery in 1802.
He gradually realizes how he has been tricked and feels unbearable sadness.
He graduated from Beijing University in 1983.
He graduated from Central Catholic High School in 1954, and received a B.S. in accounting from Robert Morris College.
He graduated from the Moscow Aviation Institute.
He graduated from Washington in 1931.
He greets everyone in the congregation.
He grew up in Lichtenwörth.
He grew up in Töölö.
He grew up supporting Dundee Violet and he signed for them when he was 16. Backup goalkeeper Lewis Coutts said he was the best player he's ever seen.
He had a bigger role in the movie La Donna della Luna (The Moon Woman).
He had a brother, named Robert Picard.
He had a good education.
He had a library containing 700 volumes and he used his time there to communicate with his 'absent friends', in other words, to catch up on his written correspondence.
He had a longtime association with Chicago's Polish community.
He had always wanted to be a conductor.
He had a mental breakdown during the concert and ran amok for two weeks, said Jeff Feuerzeig, who grew up in Hazlet and Morganville and attended Trenton State College."
He had a smiling face decorated with an enchanting reddish hue.
He had assisted Zakir Hussain, Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan and L. Shankar on world tours.
He had become a naturalized U.S. citizen on September 11, 2012.
He had been nine years old.
He had been on a flight from Melbourne.
He had been unhappy and tired of acting for a while.
He had blond hair and a large cowlick.
He had done many things to help poor children and families in under developed countries.
He had five sons with four of his wives: Vallely, Paul.
He had four children with his first wife, actress Silvana Mangano, who died in 1989.
He had four number one singles in the United States.
He had gone to the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
He had grown long hair and a long beard.
He had help from something called Logos (The word).
He had his primary education at Buratai town and got admission to Government Teachers College Potiskum, Yobe State, where he graduated.
He had many critical acclaim in the late 1990s.
He had many names, such as Amun-Ra, and Ra-Horakhty.
He had no sons, so he was followed by his elder daughter.
He had not been there for nearly half a century.
He had one child with his first wife, Amanda Dysher.
He had orders from McClellan to support Pleasonton and attack the Confederates as they retreated.
He had other plans for their early years.
He had over 100 published works.
He had over 5,000 hours on over 153 types of powered aircraft and over 5,000 hours on over 184 types of glider.
He had played 257 matches for NAC.
He had played 49 matches in the league and scored 9 goals.
He had previously expressed dissatisfaction with Ferrari's after sales service, which he perceived to be substandard.
He had promised the king that the four operas would be performed in Munich when they were ready, but he realized that they would need a special kind of opera house.
He had reservations about the quantum mechanics invented by Heisenberg (1925) and Schrödinger (1926).
He had seven wins and eight poles in his Lola.
He had shared a prison cell with Joe Chill after Chill murdered Wayne's parents.
He had spent his remaining years battling lung cancer.
He had the rank of colonel general.
He had three children; a son and two daughters.
He had three children, Wojciech, Adam, and Michal.
He had to find a related quantity called "amplitude" and multiply amplitude by amplitude (or in other words he had to square the amplitude) to get the intensity he wanted.
He had to talk about Christmas in Russia.
He had to write music for the royal chapels.
He had two children and several cats.
He had two children with Call.
He happily dances in the clouds until another deer gets in the way.
He has a brother named Jett and a sister named Nicole.
He has acted in many comedy and drama movies, including Pretty in Pink and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
He has acted in the show for longer than anyone else.
He has a job as an engineer.
He has a long bendy tail.
He has also been in several theater performances since 1999.
He has also been the drummer for Isocracy.
He has also participated in the Chereshnevy Les Open-Art Festival, Russian Winter (Russkaya Zima) Festival, Music Kremlin Festival, Andrey Sakharov International Art Festival and many others.
He has also played for the American national junior ice hockey team and played in three World Junior Championships, where he set a record for career points by an American.
He has also released two solo albums.
He has also written several books, many of which have been best sellers.
He has appeared in more than 70 movies since 1957 and directed about 25 movies.
He has a purple W on his hat, similar to how Mario has an M on his.
He has a rough voice.
He has a white stripe down his nose, and that gives him a strange appearance.
He has a younger sister, Ayesha, who is three years junior to him.
He has become a very popular driver.
He has become even more unpopular for leading the league into another lockout in September 2012.
He has been a cardinal since 2003.
“He has been a key driver for portfolio transformation, helped develop our nutrition business, launching innovations with our Quaker and Tropicana brands and deepened consumer engagement with our flagship brands.”
He has been a member of the groups Cibo Matto, Ghost of a Saber Toothed Tiger and Dopo Yume.
He has been chosen as an all-star for the past three years.
He has been described as "one of the very finest drummers in all of pop/rock".
He has been described as “putting the Netherlands in the forefront of postwar astronomy”.
He has been executive president for more than 20 years.
He has been manager at the National Research Plan, Biodiversity Program in the Spanish Ministry of Economy, and participated in a number of international committees of evaluation of research activities.
He has been married to Betsy Stuart since 1987.
He has been married to Bonnie Bartlett since 1951.
He has been married to Cheryl Ladd since January 3, 1981.
He has been married to Jeanne Vander Myde since 2003.
He has been married to Kimberley Weems since 1984.
He has been married to Terrie Clark since 2009.
He has been married twice, and has five children.
He has been political leader since 2010.
He has been showrunning (managing) The Simpsons since season 13.
He has been since 2015.
He has been the MP for Lichfield since 1997.
He has been well-known for his commercial broadcasting's format and philosophy as radio gave way to television as America's dominant home entertainment.
He has called college football and college basketball games for Fox Sports Net, FX, Fox, CBS, ESPN, and CBS College Sports.
He has competed in the 24 Hours of Daytona, finishing first in 2012, citation second in 2006 and third in 2013.
He has composed over 500 pieces of work.
He has done other sideline reporting and play-by-play announcing duties for PBR on Versus, UFL on Versus, and college basketball on CBS.
He has done the same work for four years, so his daily routine never changes.
He has done this by using very accurate perspective.
He has flipper-like hands and no arms, and he has very short legs.
He has four attacks.
He has four children- Joshua, Oliver, Chloe and Gabriella.
He has grown tired of his indulgent and jaded life.
He has had other songs released over the years.
He has hosted multiple children's shows including Barne-tv, Julemorgen,Krem Nasjonal, and Superkviss, as well as Barnetimen for de minste on NRK P2.
He has made the orchestra into an excellent orchestra again.
He has performed as a singer in various productions.
He has played for Fukushima United.
He has publicly endorsed In These Times magazine by calling it: "The most creative and challenging news magazine of the American left".
He has published about fifteen books.
He has released more than twenty albums.
He has represented the 18th Council District in the New York City Council since January 2018.
He has said that all his movies will be done using digital video from now on.
He has said that he does want to return.
He has scored more goals for the Saudi national team than any other player.
He has served as the chairman in this group for more than 10 years.
He has two children including businessman Brett Icahn.
He has two children with Hayden.
He has two younger sisters, Virginia and Pamela.
He has won many writing awards around the world.
He has written and produced songs for many of his labelmates and other artists as well.
He has written many books and poems.
He has written more than 180 scientific research papers.
He has written more than twenty books.
He has written poetry, drama, essays and music criticism.
He hates the Aqua Teens, and he considers them as "freaks".
He held hands with a 12-year-old boy.
He held the 4 most important post in the Union government.
He held the Bolivian presidency twice: from 1971 to 1978, as a dictator; and then again from 1997 to his resignation in 2001.
He held the Koch Chair of Catholic Studies and served as Director from 1993 to 2014.
He held the position from July 1991 to 1994.
He held this job until 1966, when he retired.
He held this position from 1945 until his retirement in 1969.
He helped create a total of convert of ecological stations and ecological reserves in Brazil.
He helped create the design and development of the Avro Jetliner, CF-100 and CF-105 Arrow aircraft designs.
He helped to fund the mujahideen by funneling arms, money and fighters from the Arab world into Afghanistan, also gaining popularity from many Arabs.
He helped to save many lives of Jews of Hungary from death.
He helps his friends with homework.
He helps Rowf and Snitter survive out in the wild.
He helps them on their way back home.
He helps the people to get power.
He helps the villages of the world to unite, taking all of the giant pieces of robot and linking them into a large prototype robotic body, a body like the one the Matoran Universe resides in.
He/her will never agree that he/she is actually ill.
He holds the office of President of the Russian Academy of Arts.
He hoped that he might make up for his past by doing good deeds.
He hosted a daytime talk/variety show from 1962 to 1965 known as The Tennessee Ernie Ford Show (later Hello, Peapickers).
Heidfeld scored another podium finish at the Hungarian Grand Prix and scored 61 points to Kubica's 39, while Vettel's sole appearance produced an additional point.
Heidi wants to know how to connect with her son ("Anybody Have A Map?"
Heihachi learned that his own genome did not have the Devil Gene, but he knew someone who had it, Jin Kazama.
He immediately gave up drinking, and later began working for an Aboriginal alcohol-rehabilitation service in Port Augusta.
He incorrectly learns of her death, and kills himself.
Heinrich and Oskar Kröher were performing more than fifty years on the stages in Europe and North America.
He instructs Kate to leave with Sawyer to get Claire into the airplane on the other island.
He interferred in some of the legal affairs of Scotland, and insisted the Scots provided military service in his army.
He in turn appointed the ministers.
He invaded Normandy down the river Seine.
He invented a system of dashes that could be felt.
He is 37 years old.
He is 84 years old.
He is a brother of Atossa and brother-in-law of the king Sardanapalus.
He is a co-founder of the biotech start-up companies Biogen and Myriad Genetics.
He is a fellow at the New York Foundation for the Arts, the Cave Canem Foundation, the MacDowell Artist's Colony, the Seaside Institute.
He is a former Chief Justice of Madhya Pradesh High Court.
He is a former member of Supreme Council of Kazakh SSR and Republic of Kazakhstan; he is a mathematician and physicist.
He is a former Speaker of the People's Assembly of Abkhazia.
He is a former three-time IWGP Heavyweight Champion, three-time IWGP Intercontinental Champion, one-time IWGP Tag Team Champion and was the winner of the 2011 G1 Climax, 2006 G1 Tag League and 2014 New Japan Cup tournaments.
He is African American and is one of a small number of black hockey players in the league.
He is a friend to young knights, a defender of the poor, and as "the Maidens' Knight", a defender of women as well.
He is a great fan of rock music.
He is a hunter and hunted at the same time and all he can demonstrate are his exceptional ability and talent.
He is a Linde Professor of Physics, emeritus at California Institute of Technology.
He is also a commander of the Order of Saint-Charles.
He is also a former Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada and People's Deputy of Ukraine serving in the Social Democratic Party of Ukraine (united) faction.
He is also a former naval aviator.
He is also a member of the Federal Works Agency Commission that looked at the causes of the collapse of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge.
He is also a Nobel prize winner.
He is also an occasional off break bowler.
He is also a professional dancer and model alongside his acting career.
He is also a two-term Vice President of the European People's Party.
He is also called a "Cardcaptor".
He is also credited with making the "cross-over" dribble and the "no look" pass a part of the game.
He is also known as Saint Nicholas, Saint Nick, Kris Kringle, Kristingle, Christingle, Father Christmas, Santy, and many other names.
He is also known for his leading roles in Snip and in Worth Winning.
He is also known for his voice-over work in video games.
He is also known for playing a role in Halloweentown High and Return to Halloweentown.
He is also smaller than in his previous form.
He is also sometimes referred to as Prince Charles Maurice of Monaco.
He is also the current Cage Rage World middleweight champion.
He is also the god of flight.
He is also thought to be the first person in their 20s to die from the virus in Japan.
He is a member of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity.
He is a member of Turkish Pediatrics Institution, Pediatric Metabolism and Nutrition Association, Istanbul Chamber of Commerce Health Profession Committee and Association of Private Hospitals and Health Institutions.
He is an ancestor to both Desmond Miles and Clay Kaczmarek.
He is a narrator for Goalissimo, The Football League Show, and The World's Strongest Man.
He is an eccentric, lively old man who provides comic relief by attempting stairs too steep for himself.
He is Angeline's wife.
He is an MP representing Secunderabad (Lok Sabha constituency) since 2019.
He is another close friend of Otis's.
He is a plumber who owns the business started by Amelia's father and uncles.
He is appreciated in One day Internationals for his economy rate while bowling and different variations.
He is a space alien.
He is a young boy full of curiosity who loves to play games and discover new things.
He is best known as the father and main figure of Cheaper by the Dozen.
He is best known for fighting the Cadaver Synod, which ultimately led to his downfall and death.
He is best known for his hit singles "Endless Summer Nights", "
He is best known for his song "Faded."
He is best known for his song We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off, which was released in 1986.
He is best known for writing mystery novels.
He is best remembered for his photograph capturing the celebration of V-J Day in Times Square.
He is best remembered today as one of the great conductors of classical music, who conducted in a precise way without exaggerated effects.
He is brave, and good at making decisions.
He is buried in the Yass Cemetery.
He is called King Peter the Magnificent (grand).
He is called the "Father of the Federation".
He is carried by the Snow Queen to her palace in the far north.
He is characterized by super strength, agility, and stamina.
He is Chief Minister of Punjab from 1985 to 1990.
He is commonly known as Giorgione.
He is considered a legend and his actions helped form Switzerland as a nation.
He is considered one of the pioneers of the now popular butterfly style.
He is credited for driving Nokia’s brand from No. 71 to No. 1 in the country increasing their national market share from 46% to 56% by 2006.
He is credited with designing the city and organising its amenities and infrastructure.
He is currently driving for Lotus F1 Team Juniors in the 2013 World Series by Renault.
He is currently married to Zofia Borucka since 2006.
He is currently playing for Lokomotiv-Kazanka Moscow.
He is currently the Group Executive President, Corporate Strategy at Aditya Birla Group.
He is declared dead two days later.
He is divorced from his first wife.
Heisenberg found a way to efficiently predict the intensities for different frequencies and to organize that information in a helpful way.
He is especially well-known because of his memoirs, the Tuzk-i-Jahangiri (also called the Jahangir-name by some).
He is everything Flory is not: young, rich, and handsome.
He is famous for his fantasy works, essays, and writings on literature and theology.
He is in a variety show called "Tensai!
He is jealous of Duncan, because he is dead and does not need to worry anymore.
He is killed, but comes back to life through an even older law.
He is kind to the animals despite working in a cruel place.
He is known as the first Armenian historian.
He is known for, among other accomplishments, being the first doctor to separate twins that were joined together at the head.
He is known for his 2011 movie Gamer.
He is known for his albums Speed Metal Symphony in 1987, Go Off! in 1988, Perpetual Burn in 1988 and A Little Ain't Enough.
He is known for his books and his television series “The Sky at Night”.
He is known for his roles as Sgt. Joe Broadhurst on the seven-year TV series McCloud citation and as Colonel Tigh on the original Battlestar Galactica.
He is known for his roles in April Captains, A Caixa, Abraham's Valley, and in No, or the Vain Glory of Command.
He is known for his roles in São Paulo, Sociedade Anônima, Xica da Silva, Sonho Meu, Esperança, Caminhos do Coração, and in A Favorita.
He is known for his song "My Eyes Adore You" and "Grease" (1978).
He is known for his work in differential topology, K-theory and dynamical systems.
He is known for his work on tax policy and for co-authoring the book Dow 36,000, published in 1999.
He is known for wrestling for the tag team, La Résistance along with Rob Conway and René Duprée.
He is known in his native Australia for his role as Diver Dan in SeaChange.
He is known in various religions as an angel who does acts of healing.
He is large, and is white and grey.
He is like a father-figure to Ved, Vansh and Kanak.
He is mainly known for the Church music he wrote.
He is married to actress Deirdre Lanihan.
He is married to Bonnie Dunn Perdue, and they have two children.
He is married to Brie Shaffer.
He is married to Carla Amina Baghajati since 1990,has four children.
He is married to Isabelle.
He is married to Joan Malcolm.
He is married to Julia Robertson.
He is married to Kris Toomey.
He is married to Linda.
He is married to Linda Bachus.
He is married to Marianne Hill and has a son named Gabriel Hill.
He is married to Merilyn Hawke.
He is married to Michel Rae Varisco.
He is married to Rubana Akhtar.
He is nicknamed "The Magician".
He is notable for his loose brushwork.
He is often called as Father of the Nation.
He is often called "Little Peanut" by Baloo.
He is often called the "Father of the Symphony."
He is often credited with having invented the principle of least action; a version is known as Maupertuis's principle – an integral equation that determines the path followed by a physical system.
He is one of Australia's most well-known indigenous artists.
He is one of the earliest industrialists of India.
He is one of the main characters of Gravity Falls.
He is one of the most famous military commanders in Japan.
He is one of the most known italian comic characters.
He is one of the seven children born to Lela (née Wright) and John Bowden Connally, Sr., a dairy and tenant farmer.
He is one out of 4 characters who appear in every episode of the Big Bang Theory (
He is on the United States House Committee on Armed Services and the United States House Committee on Science, Space and Technology.
He is orange and brown colored.
He is part of the group called the New Hollywood.
He is part of the resistance.
He is physically strong even when compared to average adult males of his size and build; being able to climb pipes, move and dispose of bodies, snap necks, knock opponents unconscious and jump from a balcony to another balcony, spending a minimum effort.
He is portrayed as a great fighter, champion of the world, cheered by all humanity.
He is president and investor of Fenerbahçe Sports Club.
He is probably best remembered for possibly saying before being hanged: "I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country."
He is rejected by his family for this choice, which leads to him becoming an alcoholic and the end of his pilot career and his marriage.
He is remembered for bringing in land reform.
He is said to have been the wealthiest person ever to be a Broadmoor prisoner.
He is said to have walked all the way from China across the icy desert and rugged mountain passes.
He is short, fat, muscular, and wears yellow.
He is shown to be blind and there was also a reference about Odysseus being responsible for blinding him under the alias of "Nobody."
He is small and yellow.
He is smart, inquisitive, and mostly calm-mannered.
He is somebody who helped to trigger the Asian economic miracle."
He is somewhat shy.
He is so popular that some people know him as only "Elvis".
He is still thought of as one of the great players for Northwestern University.
He is the 20th chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
He is the brother of Octavia, who is part of the group of the hundred, and who he tries to protect several times.
He is the current manager of Real Madrid.
He is the director of the Tobacco Research Center at the West Virginia University.
He is the editorial director of Grup 62 (a publishing house) citation and Destino.
He is the father of Claudio Lomnitz.
He is the father of footballer Zied Tlemçani.
He is the father of small-time mobster Frankie Burke, Jesse James Burke, and Catherine Burke citation citation Catherine married Anthony Indelicato, another criminal, in 1992. citation Burke was nicknamed The Big Irishman or The Irish Guinea.
He is the father of the North Arabs (Adnanites).
He is the first king known to have done this, though Amenhotep I may have done it first.
He is the first one from Tibetan lamas, who consciously incarnates in subsequent order of Buddhist masters.
He is the founder and chairman of Luxottica, citation the world's largest producer and retailer of glasses and lenses.
He is the founder of the Brazilian fast food chain Bob's.
He is the grandson of Robert Freeman.
He is the head of the Jordanian monarchy — the Hashemite dynasty.
He is the main founder of the discipline of peace and conflict studies.
He is the manager of the joke shop Weasley's Wizard Wheezes.
He is the most influential teacher of Ibnul Qayyim.
He is the only Australian historian to win a Pulitzer Prize.
He is the only member of the Seven Lucky Gods with the ability to bring the dead back to life.
He is the pinetree in the Zodiac wheel.
He is the political and spiritual leader of Tibet.
He is therefore able to change between human and buffalo form at will (mahisha means "buffalo").
He is the representative of the new owners who arrives to decide whether the show should be canceled.
He is the second most intelligent of the trio after Red Guy.
He is the senior anchor of all CNN programs currently in production.
He is the son of Dolores (née Warner), a bookkeeper, and Mark Alexander Modine, who managed a drive-in theater.
He is the son of Japanese American parents.
He is the son of late NASCAR driver Coo Coo Marlin.
He is the star and co-creator of the television show Rescue Me.
He is the third actor to play the role, replacing Lewis Harney and Dominic Holmes.
He is the third wealthiest person in the world.
He is thought to be one of the greatest chefs of his time.
He is thought to be one of the greatest Senators of American History.
He is tired of everyday life.
He is too awkward.
He is Town Crier for The Mayor of London, The City of Westminster, and London Boroughs.
He is unaware that Deborah loves him.
He is used to how elves live, which is very different from how humans live, with New York being a perfectly opposite way of living compared to the North Pole.
He is usually depicted as having two faces, since he looks to the future and to the past.
He is wearing a ski-mask in every picture and video of him and ski-masks have become a symbol of the EZLN in Mexico, as the majority of its supporters also wear them.
He is widely considered one of the greatest judoka of all time.
He is widely thought of as one of the world’s greatest violinists.
He is yellow haired with a stripe of yellow and red on his shirt.
Heizei's successor was his second son who became known as Emperor Saga.
He joined a preparatory program.
He joined BMW in 1992 to work on Technical Planning and Production.
He joined his hometown club as a teenager.
He joined the magazine Afrique contemporaine in 1966 before becoming a freelance journalist in 1968.
He justifies this courageous approach as follows: "In retrospect, the 19th century can be thought of being globally because it thought so about itself."
He kept asking the tsar to let him resign from his job and go to the country to spend his time writing.
He kept himself clean, which most people did not in his day.
He kept it from attacks by Mughal India.
He kept more players on his team than he needed, because he thought the players deserved to play for one last season.
He kept playing with blues musicians in the Chicago area for several more years.
He knew he could not become a certified teacher following his conviction.
He knew he could not end slavery in the south in one step.
He knew it would be almost impossible to find anyone who would put on a performance.
He knew that most of the industrial strength of Czechoslovakia would be lost with the Sudetenland leaving Czechoslovakia.
He knew they were hurt by Lennon's leaving Cynthia for Yoko Ono, and he made up a song for Julian on the way, to cheer him up.
He landed on a forest.
He last played for the Wei Chuan Dragons in 2019.
He later attended Monmouth's Christian College, for one year.
He later coached the national team from 1999 to 2003.
He later creates and leads a special forces team himself, FOXHOUND.
He later escaped to France, where he successfully applied for asylum.
; he later has to ransom himself.
He later joins his companions to fight and protect what remains of their society while he also looks for answers to the mysteries surrounding the Titans, the Walls, as well as his own existence.
He later managed the club as a caretaker during the early 1990s.
He later married Ronnie Eldridge from 1982 until his death in 2017.
He later moved to Australia and played for Perth Heat and the national team.
He later moved to Portman Square where he became an assistant to Sir Basil Cochrane at his vapour bath.
He later quit acting and became a director.
He later served as Afghan Ambassador to France.
He later took the album off the shelves as he did not feel comfortable with it being sold.
He learned to sign as a baby so that he could communicate with his deaf cousin, Leah.
He learned to speak the Chinese language.
He lectured and taught courses on international affairs for over thirty years, at the Workers’ Educational Association and the University of Surrey.
He led an attack on strongly defended positions; and without help from others, he silenced three machine guns.
He led a private life after his retirement.
He led the Conservatorio Superior Municipal de Barcelona from 1959 until its disestablishment in 1987.
He led the league in many pitching categories.
He led the league in scoring twice.
He left a wife, Lindsey, and one daughter.
He left because he wanted to spend more time with his family.
He left school and did not graduate.
He left six suicide notes for his wife, his three children, the Slovak Ice Hockey Federation and Slovan Bratislava officials.
He left the group in 1996.
Helen Grayco (born Helen Greco; September 20, 1924) is an American pop singer and actress.
Helen infiltrates the base and discovers Syndrome's plan.
Helen said her parents thought that girls could only get married.
He lets slip about Lemke's bribery.
He liced down the block from the Alhambra Theater.
He liked it when friends visited, but many people were put off because he could often be rude.
He liked to build things.
He liked to spend weekends with his two daughters.
He likes it so much that he decides to send Scrooge and Glomgold to back in time so he can live free forever.
He likes to imitate comic-figure like Popeye, Bullwinkle J. Moose or Pepé Le Pew.
He lived in a golden palace at the bottom of the ocean.
He lived in Hamilton and recorded at Grant Avenue Studios.
He lived in Hampden, where he practiced law until 1848, when he moved away.
He lived in his hometown in Southgate, Kentucky.
He lives in a golden palace on Altyn Dagh (lang, "Golden Mountain").
He lives in an old bank.
He lives in Houston, Texas.
He lives in the city of San Fransokyo (a mixture of Tokyo and San Francisco).
He lives in the Southern Water Tribe.
He lives on the eastern part of Mount Sumeru.
Hellenistic mercenaries were commonly paid one drachma for every day of service, which was a good salary in the post-
Helmand is said to be a Taliban stronghold.
He looked about for ways to make money and to pay off his debts.
He lost another daughter, named Hanna, too.
He lost at Valmy and gave his western land to France.
He lost his eye in a car accident.
He lost the title to Christian Cage in a match also involving Sting.
He lost two elections as leader, until winning a third to become Prime Minister in 1963.
He loves Japanese traditional sweet Dorayaki (also called Bean Jam Buns) and suffers from musophobia (fear of mice).
He made 328 appearances for the club.
He made advances in the areas of Hardy space theory and VMO.
He made all of Every Little Thing's songs and wrote their lyrics.
He made a number of good translations (from AD 402–413).
He made a town for his workers.
He made his acting debut in 1997.
He made his debut for USV Elinkwijk in 1956.
He made his List A debut in the 2015–17 ICC World Cricket League Championship on 16 April 2016.
He made many changes to the interior of the palace, and was responsible for its complete rebuilding after the fire of 1837.
He made many more statues than Verrocchio.
He made Oviedo the capital of the Kingdom of Asturias.
He made several paintings of the forest during this time.
He made some English-language movies, most notably They Came to Rob Las Vegas.
He made two appearances for them in the 1982 FIFA World Cup, against Chile and Northern Ireland.
He makes it his mission to interfere with Ignatz's brick-tossing plans.
He makes jokes and is one of Archie Bunker's buddies, in three episodes, first in the episode "Beverly Rides Again", then the memorable Christmas Day episode called "The Draft Dodger" (episode 146, 1976), and finally the episode "Archie's Other Wife".
He managed billiard parlors (where people play pool) in several cities around the western United States.
He managed for a few years as well.
He managed the team to four league titles and three Japan Series championships from 1990 to 1998.
He managed until 1974.
He managed Zob Ahan Isfahan F.C. for a short time.
He manages habitats to suit game, and monitors the health of the game.
He manages his arrest to come before, but the wily Inspector Franck Dotzler (Forest Whitaker) attaches itself to his heels.
He married Agnes Kuchenberg on April 13, 1929.
He married and had a large family.
He married a rich lady and they were able to buy a large house which became known as the “Casa Guarneri”.
He married a woman called Saskia van Uylenberg in 1634.
He married Basilla, daughter of Gerard Flaitel.
He married Carole Itjem in the 1950s.
He married Christine Pamela Chapman in 1973 and the marriage ended in divorce in 1982.
He married Dawn Bailey-Grimes for ten years.
He married Elinor Mead and had three children.
He married Elizabeth Marshall Kay in 1959 and had three children.
He married Eliza Caroline and they had two sons and six daughters.
He married Grace, his wartime girlfriend, and they had three children.
He married his and Alfred's stepmother Judith.
He married his second wife and had two children.
He married his wife, Fenella, in 1975.
He married Irina, the sister of Boris.
He married Lady Wirat Chamanan.
He married Rima Husseini in 2007; their sons were born in 2007 and 2011.
He married Sarah about 1618 and had a son named Samuel.
He married twice, both times to colleagues: He was married to Magdalena (née Wiebe, 1904-1932) and, after her death, to Katharina (née Berger, 1933-1945).
He may continue with his studies and receive a master's degree or do some original work and write a thesis to get a doctor's degree (which does not mean a Doctor of Medicine).
He may have been a choirboy in Norwich Cathedral.
He may have worked as a soldier.
He may have written the piece for a pupil.
He mentions his aunt Helen who was his favorite person, however she died.
He met a theatre designer called Serge Soudeikine and fell madly in love with Vera, who would later become his second wife.
He met Britten in 1934, when he was a member of the BBC Singers.
He might have created the motto "Keep Austin Weird".
Hemingway believed that bull fighting was an art, just as much as writing was an art.
Hemming, The Conquest, p. 29. The war came after Huayna Capac's death in 1527, and lasted from 1529 until 1532.
He most recently played for the Oakland Raiders in some pre-season games in the 2007 season but was cut on September 2 of that year before the start of the regular season.
He moved around to a number of different churches in Rome, before joining the choir at the Vatican in 1629.
He moved to Abilene when he was 2 years old.
He moved to Port Arthur, Ontario to work in a car dealership.
He moved to the United States at the age of five.
He must also give police his travel documents.
He must also stay at home between 7pm and 7am and go daily to police.
He must remember many parts of speech.
He named it after the Yazoo tribe who lived nearby.
He name it Rainbow.
Hence, a drive may be claimed by its manufacturers to include S.M.A.R.T. support even if it does not include, say, a temperature sensor, which the customer might reasonably expect to be present.
Hence crystallography applies for the most part only to crystals, or to molecules which can be got to crystallize.
Hence England has a comparative advantage in cloth-making.
Henceforth, a direct translation of the name Kota Kinabalu into English would be "City of Kinabalu" or "Kinabalu City".
Hence, in informal usage, the word baroque can simply mean that something is "elaborate", with many details, without reference to the Baroque styles of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
Hence most Sinhalse clam to be descending from the Lion's blood.
Hence some Muslims of a more orthodox mind-set believe that any actions outside the scope of Sharia, or Sufi activities practised by non-Muslims are 'wrong'.
He needs to smoke this pipe to keep himself alive.
He never faced an election, because both time he ran for president he was unopposed.
He never had a family of his own before he died.
He never moved to any other club and retired as an Iwata player after the 1995 season.
He never publicly acknowledged having flown to Ireland intentionally.
He never served and was criticized for this.
He never travelled very far.
Hennig was known by the nickname, "The Axe", a nickname he had because of his signature, often finishing move of dropping a full weight elbow onto his opponents.
He normally acts as the driving force behind the makeshift cart that he along with his friends chase Oscar or the chickens with.
He notably had many government minister roles during the 1980s and early 1990s.
He noted that both devices utilized dynamite and "a 9-volt battery, possibly for a lantern."
He now came to be known as Rāmabhadradāsa.
Henry Allingham had four medals, two of which were from the First World War.
Henry came to regret Cromwell's execution.
Henry Clay Work saw a clock in a Piercebridge hotel and thought of the song.
Henry Cleere, 'The World Heritage Convention As a Medium for Promoting the Industrial Heritage', IA.
Henry Ford's hard work bore fruit.
Henry thought the Norman knights and Strongbow were too powerful, so he decided to take over Ireland.
Henry tried to force the pope to grant him absolution by doing penance before him at Canossa, where Gregory stayed.
Henry was intelligent and well educated.
Henry Winkler saw her at one of these shows and asked her to act in Children of a Lesser God (1986).
Henson was a black man who had run away and helped many black slaves.
Hen was also famous for his incredible generosity to the poor of the time.
He obtained about 75% of the votes, the elections were called free and fair.
He often likes to use a guitar with only 5 strings — the lowest-tuned string is removed.
He often mutilated his victims, usually killing them by slashing their throats open, almost to the point of decapitation, and stabbing them multiple times, especially in the abdomen.
He often thought that his orchestras were musical enough to play well without rehearsal.
He often used the style of these songs in his music.
He only appears in book four, when he, Silenus and Leneus try to exile Grover because they think that Pan, the god of the wild, is still alive and Grover is a just lying about his death.
He only appears in the Autograph Episode.
He only had pink food coloring.
He only had this one era when he was emperor, so people also called him the "Emperor of the Hongwu Era" or Hóngwǔdì ( lang ).
He only played 3 games for the Carolina Hurricanes and spent another season in the IHL for the Detroit Vipers before he retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2001.
He only played in Russia for 22 games and went back to the NHL.
He only won two states (
He orders one dog to bring him a sleeping princess from her parents' castle.
He organised his military in part along European lines, and was a pioneer in the military use of rocket artillery.
He or she does not have the power to make decisions about the European Union like the President of the United States does for that country.
He or she must be appointed by the central government.
He owned many of the most expensive bass guitars in the history of the world.
He owned several wonderful violins, some of which he gave away.
He owns Nusr-Et, citation citation a chain of steak houses.
He painted eight hundred and twenty-six paintings.
He painted in tiny dots of colour, with the theory that the viewer's eye would mix them.
He painted what would become some of the most celebrated images of dinosaurs, prehistoric mammals, and prehistoric humans.
He participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt and the war of the Seven Against Thebes.
He passed away at the age of 73 on December 2, 1990.
He passed the home of his uncle Al and tooted his horn in a ritual family greeting.
He passed the idea up to Burnside who agreed to the idea and digging started on June 25. Confederates on the ridge began to hear the sounds of picks and shovels under them. citation They dug several listening shafts.
He performed a concert at the Rainbow Theatre in London on 13 January 1973, thanks to his friend Pete Townshend of The Who.
He performed as an Apache Indian named Sam Buckhart who had been appointed as a U.S. Marshal.
He performed a similar role for Fox Sports Net and ISP Sports.
He performed as part of the Sole Twisters, Harem Scarem and Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls, and fronted his band Crown of Thorns.
He performed in and directed many plays, as well as directing theaters and even the theatrical division of the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes (National Institute of Fine Arts).
He performed "The Rising" with a female choir.
Hephaestus fell for one day and one night before falling into the sea.
Hephaestus was not a regular drinker, and Hephaestus got drunk very quickly.
He plans to put him in the dungeon until Nico turns sixteen, so Nico can fulfill the prophecy.
He planted the plant and called himself Basho because it became his favorite tree in his garden.
He played 107 games and scored 3 goals in the league.
He played 13 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2012.
He played 14 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1961.
He played 151 games and scored 16 goals in the league.
He played 15 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2001.
He played 161 games in the league.
He played 173 games and scored 2 goals in the league.
He played 18 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 1962.
He played 269 games and scored 9 goals in the league.
He played 29 games with them before he was called back up to play for the Black Hawks.
He played 2 games and Japan won the champions.
He played 2 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1934.
He played 30 games with the Rangers.
He played 32 games for Japan until 2006.
He played 35 games for his country, scoring 12 goals.
He played 3 seasons with them and increased both his goal and point production in each season that he was there.
He played 42 games in the league.
He played 4 games and scored 3 goals for Japan in 2010.
He played 4 games for Japan until 1991.
He played 4 games for Japan until 2005.
He played 5 games for Japan until 2009.
He played 61 games and scored 6 goals for Japan until 1987.
He played 61 matches until 1988.
He played 63 games and scored 9 goals for Japan until 1980.
He played 66 games for the Blackhawks between 1999 and 2001.
He played 6 games and scored 1 goal in his first season.
He played 6 games for Japan until 1996.
He played 7 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1954.
He played 7 games for Japan until 2015.
He played 8 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2019.
He played 8 years with the Canucks and played the role of an enforcer.
He played 97 matches until 1995.
He played 99 games for Reading before retiring due to injury in 1966.
He played all 6 matches and scored 2 goals, and Japan won the 4th place.
He played as regular goalkeeper until 2011.
He played as regular player from first season.
He played at international level for Wales and at club level for Halifax and Keighley Cougars.
He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for York.
He played college football at Colorado.
He played college football for UCLA.
He played for 17 Nëntori Tirana for most of his career.
He played for Auckland, and won the Ranfurly Shield in his first ever provincial game.
He played for four teams between 1964 and 1987.
He played for Go Ahead Eagles from 1963 to 1965 and for De Graafschap from 1965 to 1979.
He played for Lousisana State University and averaged 44.2 points per game.
He played for Nagoya in 3 seasons.
He played for the Kintetsu Pearls/Buffaloes from 1950 to 1964.
He played for the national team.
He played for the national team between 1981 to 1984 making seven appearances.
He played for the New South Wales Waratahs in the Super Rugby.
He played four games for Saskatoon in 1922–23 and retired.
He played full-time in all 6 matches and Japan won the champions.
He played in full time in all 4 matches.
He played in several bands near where they lived.
He played in the 1972 World Series.
He played in the European Cup Final in 1974, which Atlético lost.
He played in the shooting guard and small forward positions.
He played many matches as defensive midfielder and center back.
He played many matches as defensive midfielder in 1995.
He played many matches as left midfielder from first season.
He played many matches as right side back from first season.
He played many matches as right side midfielder from 2005.
He played many matches as substitutes and the club was promoted to J1 League in 2013.
He played minor league hockey until a fractured skull resulting from a slash by Jean-Guy Talbot ended his playing aspirations.
He played most of his first-class cricket career for Kent County Cricket Club.
He played role of Ben Cartwright, the owner of the Ponderosa Ranch in Virginia City.
He played Solomon Northup in the 2013 movie 12 Years a Slave.
He played the fake grocer Mr. George Whipple.
He played tough bad guys in his movies.
He played well enough that year to be the last player to qualify for the following year's PGA Tour.
He plays as a Hooker.
He plays for Daegu.
He plays for General Caballero.
He plays for Korona Kielce.
He plays for Samut Songkhram.
He plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings.
He plays for Zürich.
He plays in the libero position.
He plays on Team Canada in the Olympics where he won a gold medal in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
He plays various sports.
He polled more votes in 2019 than any other Lok Sabha member.
He popularized mathematics among Bangladeshi youths at local and international level.
He posted one of his men, an automatic rifleman, on the extreme left, 15 yards from his own position.
He presented his reformist ideas to the management of the Imperial theatre, but did not get their support.
He presented Whicker's World for 29 years.
He previously served in the Pennsylvania Senate.
He primarily did a stand-up segment during some episodes.
He prints a Monthly Magazine in Tamil (Vettriyum Vaazhvum).
He probably spent all his first gaol sentence in the county gaol, but he was in the town gaol in 1677.
He produced Olmos's directorial debut, American Me (1992).
He progressed to the semi-finals the following year, defeating Earl Herring and Jonni Fulcher before losing to Mika Immonen.
He proposed his principle on light which states that light selects the path which takes least time to travel.
He proposed two sets of independent concepts in both circuit theory and thermal emission.
He proved himself to be one of Arthur's most loyal knights.
He proved that the answer to his problem was smaller than Graham's number.
He provided leadership both on and off screen.
He published a large number of short stories, in collections entitled Chazenia, The Eye of the Typhoon, From Past Ages, and others.
He published a sequel, Gump and Co., in 1995.
He published his cartoons in numerous children's magazines, such as Płomyk, Płomyczek, Miś, Świerszczyk, as well as the magazines Szpilki and Przekrój, and illustrated many children's books.
He published many popular press books including (2004).
He published nearly 400 scientific papers.
He published several monographs on the Polish Armed Forces in the West between the 1990s and 2010s.
He published under the name A. Alvarez and Al Alvarez.
He put his own brand on it, which was really stealing.
He quickly established himself as a first-choice forward.
; he quickly learned the drums, despite having no previous experience.
He raced and finished in third in 800 meter T11 race.
He raised her salary to an unprecedented 30,000 francs a year.
Herakles' first step was to undergo the Mysteries of Eleusis.
Herakles killed the dragon and took the sky on his shoulders.
Herakles slept in King Thespius' palace while the hunt progressed.
He ran four more races that season and had additional two top-ten finishes.
He ran his laboratory like a military unit, and he was the one in command He terminated every subordinate who did not measure up to his standards.
He ran his own record label, Dank of England (formerly known as Black Magic Entertainment).
He ran in the pentathlon events and he ran the marathon.
He ran the organization for 60 years.
Her approval rating was 71% in March of 2010.
Her aunt said that the death of Tina's father affected her.
Hera was not fooled and said that Zeus had to give her the cow as a present.
Hera, who was Zeus's wife, discovered that Leto was pregnant and became very angry.
Herbal abortions (when done illegally) can also be described as back-alley abortions because they are not induced in a medical facility.
Her ballet Checkmate is still danced today.
Herbert is an elderly neighbor of the Griffin family who first appeared in the season 3 episode "To Love and Die in Dixie".
Herbert Maxwell (Glasgow: James Maclehose & Sons, 1907), p. 54 n. 3 The remainder of the English knights surrounded the schiltron and attacked the Scots from every angle.
Her best known directed work was A Very Curious Girl.
Her best known movie roles were in Una famiglia impossibile (1940), The Happy Ghost (1941), Without Family (1972), Love and Anarchy (1973) and Camere da letto (1997).
Her best known role was as Tik Siu-ching in The Flying Fox (1964).
Her best known role was that of handmaiden Jacinta in telenovela Esmeralda (1997).
Her best known works were in War and Peace, Othello and Walking the Streets of Moscow.
Her best known work was the 2006 song "Camino de espejos".
Her birth name is Tessa Charlotte Rampling.
Her body colour is yellow.
Her body is made of stitches and bolts.
Her body shrunk due to the same poison that Conan took.
Her books cover many different topics, including the future, war, and humor.
Her books have been published and have been bestsellers throughout the years.
Her books include the Babymouse series, Middle School is Worse Than Meatloaf, and The Fourteenth Goldfish.
Her breakthrough, although amazing, came too late, after the failure of her last few singles her company said that her contract would not be renewed.
Her breakthrough performance was in A Room with a View in 1985, when she played Lucy Honeychurch.
Her brother, Gunnar Ericsson, was a member of the Swedish parliament.
Her career was cut short by vocal problems in the mid 1970s but she remained active in the opera world as a board member of the Metropolitan Opera Guild and by hosting galas and giving occasional masterclasses.
Her chamber music includes most of her best compositions.
Her children, Ian and Natalie Kabra help her.
Her coaches included at that time Brian Orser, Astrid Shrubb, David Wilson, and Tracy Wilson.
Her condition later improved.
Her crew was 40 officers and 968 sailors, 1008 total.
Hercules and Iolaus head off to find the beast and rescue the village's women.
Hercules heads off to find the compass.
Hercules is pulling a plow at his mother's house.
Her current on-stage style is often characterized by boots, a simple black tank top, a skirt and various ornaments and accessories.
Her daughter Nikki (born in 1966) committed suicide in January 2007.
Her direct handler was Captain Hoffmann, who gave her the code name H-21.
He realizes that she is now just a memory.
Here Antoni Fiter i Rossell wrote the Manual Digest (1748), called the "Bible of Andorra," which tells the history, the government and the Andorran customs.
He reappears in series 7. He is an outgoing 'party animal'.
Here are all the moons in the Norse group.
Here are samples of the language Ido to show what the language looks like.
Here are some examples of different states' convict leasing systems.
Here are some of the ways that churches celebrate Christmas.
He received 4,123 first preference votes.
He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for both movies and television.
He received both the heaviest physical handicaps and the most powerful mental handicaps of any citizen.
He received his first violin instruction from his father and a local teacher.
He received many awards during his life.
He received the Best Young Player Award for his performances.
He received the British Military Medal in 1948.
He received the NHL All Star Game Coach for the 2015-16 season (Florida Panthers - Atlantic Division).
He received the president’s Pride of Performance award in 1997.
He recognized that the length of the solar year is 365.2417 days.
He recorded it in English as well as in French translation ("lang").
He recorded the first bass solo in the history of popular music on The Who's song "My Generation".
He refuses to go to a doctor or a hospital, and insists Joe takes him to Florida.
He regretted it, and took Remus to Amulius's palace, and buried him there.
Here is an example of exploitation of labor.
"Here is a sauce such as no man has had before.
Here is a schematic with the key components in a two-phase cooling loop.
Here it is burnt to make very high pressure steam, which is used to turn a large steam turbine.
Here it is seen that the Frisians won the battle.
Here it is wrong because it is not needed.
He rejoined Lee for the Maryland Campaign.
Here Korra must deal with rampant crime and an anti-bender revolt.
Here Krishnendu has been trying to kill Anu to get Pakhi.
He released his final album that year.
He released his first solo album, titled The Simple Truth, on February 10, 2015.
He remained active in public policy debate.
He remained in prison for the rest of his life.
He remained in training as a four-year-old in 2020.
He reorganized the defenses of his kingdom.
He replaced Bhekimpi Dlamini, who resigned in 1986.
He reports that Samson and the Hebrews have destroyed the harvest.
He represented an era where politics was conducted with a dignified aura and he had a reputation as being a man of integrity and humility.
He represented England in the 110 metres hurdles event, at the 1994 Commonwealth Games.
He reputedly twice refused a place on a lifeboat.
He re-recorded the song, faster this time, lying on the studio floor to give the vocals more "punch".
He resigned after 2010 World Cup.
He resigned as leader.
He resigned as Prime Minister on 29 January 1981.
He resigned end of 2011 season.
He resigned in February 2005 after a worker accused Lubbers of sexual harassment.
He resigned on June 24, 2019 to become acting Defense Secretary.
He resigned on November 29, 2014.
He retaining the theme and concept of the song and detailed the synopsis through the perspective of a male. citation The remix was well-received.
Here, the immune system adapts its response during an infection to improve its recognition of the pathogen.
Here the M18 splits from the M1 at Junction 32.
Here the main part of the word “eat” (pronounced “ta” in this case) is the kanji 食. The other two syllables: “be-ru” are in hiragana (べる).
Here, there are two landmarks - the New Yorker Hotel and the dynamic Manhattan Center building (at the northwest corner of 34th Street and Eighth Avenue).
Here, the tribe votes one person out of the tribe.
He retired at the end of the 1995 season.
He retired at the end of the 2004 season.
He retired end of 1998 season.
He retired end of 2007 season.
He retired end of the 2004 season.
He retired from acting in 1989 and became writer.
He retired from politics in 2004.
He retired from professional boxing in 1978, at the age of 36.
He retired from the army in 1882.
He retired from the court in 1999.
He retired from the military in 2008.
He retired from Thomson in 1985.
He retired in 1800, though continuing to run his mint, and died in 1809.
He retired in 1978 after a twenty year career.
He returned Cerberus to Hades only after the twelfth labor was completed.
He returned home where he continued to study and write poetry for six years.
He returned home, with two Bronze Stars.
He returned the fire and killed or wounded three more enemy soldiers.
He returned to California after his stint serving the administration and pursued a variety of law firm and other business interests.
He returned to Japan, writing a book about his Ethiopian experiences: From the Roof of Africa (1971).
He returned to Nigeria in 2010, where he died on 5 May.
He returned to the Senate on October 10, 1815.
He returned to Warsaw in 1945 after the war ended.
Here, Wordsworth also gives his famous definition of poetry as "the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings from emotions recollected in tranquility."
Her ex-husband and father of their children is Guillaume Lemay Thivierge.
Her family feared that she would die, but her health got much better.
Her father came with her to make sure she was safe.
Her father died shortly after her birth.
Her father enters the room to make his escape.
Her father is Paul Bareilles, an insurance adjuster.
Her father is Richard and her mother is Kathy.
Her father was a poet.
Her father was in the army.
Her father was Prince Albert, Duke of York, who later became George VI.
Her feast day is January 5. She was a mystic person (a spiritual and faithful person).
Her feast is on 28 July Syro-Malabar.
Her final appearance was in Tosca in London in 1965.
Her first album, Cocooned, was released in 2001.
Her first album was released on April 6, 1989.
Her first dinner shows and folk park tours occurred Charlie Norman and Lennie Norman during the mid-1970s.
Her first full episode was in Series 10 Episode 1: The Pilot.
Her first movie was in the Tamil superhero movie Mugamoodi (2012).
Her first term was from 24 January to 8 September 2005.
Her foster parents find a recording on a cassette on which the girls have criticized the GDR government.
Her full son Arshad Zakaria citation runs a hedge fund.
Her grandfather Ulanhu was the founding chairman of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and a Vice President of China.
Her hair, while still short, is longer than it was in the previous season, and the costume makes its final appearance in season 6. "The Haunting of Amphipolis".
Her head has been cut off, and she has had paint poured over her several times.
Her husband Jeff (Tommy Noonan) is too stressed out with work to make love to her.
Her husband Pepai has also served as the organisation's chairman.
Her husband, Pompeianus, was not involved, but two men, alleged to have been her lovers, attempted to murder Commodus as he entered the theatre.
Her husband refused to remarry and died in 1793.
Her husband was Muir Holburn, who died in 1960.
Heritage’s logo Trefoil was developed based on the three stripes in 1971.
Her last marriage was to Johnny Cash.
Her last movie was a short called Sleepless Hollow in 1936.
Her last name (Howard) comes from her ex-husband, legendary singer-songwriter, Harlan Howard.
Her life and creatives made her a legendary personality in her life time itself.
Her main festival was the Aphrodisia, which was celebrated annually every midsummer.
"Her Majesty" is the final track of the album and appears fourteen seconds after the song "
Her mandate ended in 2012 and she left office on 1 March 2012.
Hermann Stadler started playing football in his local club Oberndorfer SK.
Her most famous role is Mary Tudor, daughter of Henry VIII in "The Tudors".
Her mother, Beverly A. Holm, was a pediatric nurse.
Her mother died when she was younger, so she was brought up mostly by her aunts.
Her mother is Ena.
Her mother is Irish and her father is Ethiopian.
Her mother is totally against it, but she cannot help her instincts in putting her talent to use by turning hatred into love and sadness into happiness for persons in trouble.
Her mother, Rachel Messerer, was a silent movie actress and her father, Mikhail Plisetski, was a diplomat.
Her mother’s name was Ann Mackall and her father’s name was Walter Smith.
Her mother was a writer, singer, and actress.
Her mother was Yvonne Bailey and her father was Harvey Smith.
Her movie Isn't Life Wonderful?
Her movies have been accepted into movie festivals.
Her music is usually released under the name PJ Harvey.
Her name is also spelled as "P!
Her nickname, Eri-chan, was given to her by Keiko.
Her nickname was Hafize Ana (meaning Hafize name, Ana mother) and was a character she played in movies.
Her obituary (death notice) was widely printed in regional newspapers.
He rode for the Vélo Club Hyèrois from the age of 13. Procycling, UK, undated cutting He said he knew he could climb well from the start.
Herod worried each one was plotting to take his place.
Heroes performed extraordinary feats and were worshipped in hero cults.
Her older brother, Stephen Dylan Bartusiak, was also an actor.
He roomed together with another artist, Gustave De Smet.
Her other Eurovision participation was in 2011, as a backing vocalist for Nina.
Her painted designs are called lang, which are designs and symbols that mean something to her.
Her parents were immigrants.
Her parents were Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona and Princess María Mercedes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Her partner is the multidisciplinary artist Russell Haswell.
Her pen name came from the way she pronounced her name when she was a child.
Her Quirk is "Zero Gravity," which allows her to make any object she touches with her fingers float, but she will become nauseous if she uses the ability too much.
Her real name is Paku Pushin.
Her real name was Maria Jansson, but she was always called Kisamor.
Her record was broken by just 4 points by Daley Thompson in 1980.
Her remains were never found.
Her research was deemed as mathematical research into nature's abstract concepts.
Herring schools have very precise arrangements which allow the school to maintain relatively constant cruising speeds.
Her second husband, Waldorf Astor, was born in the United States but the family to England when Waldorf was twelve.
Her second studio album The Comfort Zone in 1991 topped the Billboard R&B Album Chart, which spawned the Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit "Save the Best for Last".
Hershey Canada Inc.
Hershey started a school for orphaned children.
Her siblings are two brothers, Thinlay Norbu and Jigme Namgyel, and two sisters, Serchen Doma and Yeatso Lhamo (the eldest, who is the wife of the king's brother, Prince Gyaltshab Jigme Dorji Wangchuck).
Her sister, Maria Jarochowska, was a writer and communist activist.
Her sister, Serena Scott Thomas (born 1961), is also an actress.
Her song "L'Aigle noir" sold 1 million copies in twelve hours.
Her stage name was inspired by Holiday, whose nickname was "Lady Day".
Her Stand is called Love Deluxe, and it lets her fight with her long hair.
Her story was printed in dime novels and the National Police Gazette.
Her successful management of the Gymnasium and her care for the improvement of teaching was noted, and she got numerous awards and prizes.
Her symbols were the ankh, her wings, and her throne headdress.
Her talent was known world-wide.
Her third marriage was to an alcoholic whom she divorced.
Hertrampf began studying music at the Musikschule Friedrichshain and in 1968 joined the bands Gruppen Teisco-Quartett, Die Collins and the Uve Schikora Combo.
He ruled for more than 50 years.
He ruled from 1808 until his death.
He ruled from 496-October 12th 501 when he died.
He ruled from 879 until his death.
Her uncle does not like her because she is gentle, beautiful, witty, and smart.
He runs a restaurant called the Chum Bucket with the help of his talking computer wife named Karen.
Her web site became very popular and FHM received many letters requesting that she appear again.
Her work as an interpreter certainly helped the party to talk with the Shoshone.
Her work is held in public and private collections.
Her works don’t stop on campus.
Her writings were regularly published in the ‘Samaj’ and ‘Sahakar’ under the title ‘Delhi letters’.
Herzog is the son of former president of Israel Chaim Herzog.
He said he had proven the theory that light is waves.
He said he lied to a Senate committee about his relationship with Abramoff, who repeatedly wantedGriles' help at Interior for Indian tribal clients.
He said he recorded them ".
He said he would build a church for the town if the people would name the city after him. citation citation The first post office at Winfield was created in May 1870.
He said it should be a residential area.
He said: "Ståhlberg was a man who never made mistakes".
He said that he and his colleagues made many such statistics to lead people to believe that legalizing abortion was a good thing to do.
He said that his readers did not object to the "family resemblances", so why should the critics?
He said that nanotechnology was the work of changing materials by one atom or by one molecule.
He said that such an important institution should not be run by convicts.
He said that the length of the longest side of the right angled triangle called the hypotenuse (C) squared would equal the sum of the other sides squared.
He said that the main reason was that ReachOut did not give good care after the dental work was done because the dentists only came to the school two times per year.
He said the killing was not illegal.
He said: "Therefore the gifts given to us by God must not be relinquished to those who speak ill of them and who are moved by envy or ignorance.
He said these people were Russian agents.
He said the size of the disaster was so big that "we can't expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs".
He said the universe is made up of two elementsː the atoms, and the space where they exist and move".
He said very little, but what he said was carefully thought out.
He said “We have been harassed by a conduct which has not only deprived us of our rights but has kept us in a sort of permanent infancy with regard to public affairs.”
He said "You start to lose your memory, you start to lose your confidence, you start to lose your invention.
He sailed further north to Maine and Newfoundland, and then returned to France with his discoveries.
He's also a musician and singer of the band "Jesse and the Rippers".
He sang the song "Give My Regards to Broadway".
He says he is a "foreign guy that lives in Camden".
He says he rose from humble beginnings to be "the ruler of the Queen's Navee", although he has no qualifications.
He says: "Sometimes I'll do it naturally, or we'll talk about different ways to accent things - fills from the snare or toms, or some big crashes."
He says that he does miss it.
He says that he is already bringing up a daughter of Caroline, and that she will inherit his money.
He says that they are working together.
He scored 2 goals in the tournament and Japan team won the champions.
He scored 520 runs in all, making him the third highest run getter of the series and the first for Chennai.
He scored a try in his first match for the Lions against the Royal XV.
He scored points six times during 2000, his highest place finish being in Germany where he finished fourth.
He seemed to likes pink, the reason he was provoked when he saw Hermione's pink shirt.
He separated from this group in 1964 and began his solo career.
He separated the aquatic mammals from fish, and knew that sharks and rays were part of the group he called Selachē (
He served as a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1984 and 1988.
He served as a director-general of the European Space Research Organisation (ESRO).
He served as a member of the Virginia Senate from the 29th district from January 1976 to January 2016.
He served as Chief of Government of the City of Buenos Aires from December 1999 to August 2000.
He served as Commander in Chief, U.S. Army Europe/Commander, Central Army Group (CINCUSAREUR/COMCENTAG) from 1988 to 1992.
He served as its Vice-Chancellor.
He served as leader of the opposition from 1974 to 1980, and again from 1989 until January 2005.
He served as Minister of Administrative Reform from 2013 to 2015.
He served as minister of culture from 2008 to 2009.
He served as Minister of Economics and Finance during the 2002 Uruguay banking crisis.
He served as Minister of Housing and Public Utilities from 1975 to 1978 and as Minister of Labour in 1985.
He served as president for less than one hour on February 19, 1913.
He served as President of the Bundesbank and Chairman of its Central Bank Council from 1980 to 1991.
He served as President of the Court of Appeal of the Bahamas from March 2000 to July 2001.
He served as Prime Minister from December 1993 to July 1994.
He served as senator from 1945 to 1969.
He served as the Chief Justice of the Lahore Highcourt for 9 months and he is still remembered for his contributions to the judiciary of Pakistan.
He served as the Minister of Health and Welfare from 1982 to 1983 and the Minister of Finance from 1992 to 1993.
He served as the Minister of Industry in 1971 1972, in the Bratteli's First Cabinet.
He served as the President of the Galician People's Union from 1964 through 1977.
He served as the RAAF's highest-ranking position, Chief of the Air Staff (CAS), from 1979 until 1982.
He served as the Vice Premier of the Republic of China from 1988 to 1993.
He served as visiting professor to a number of universities.
He served a total of twelve years, two consecutive terms, until March 2006.
He served during the years of Martial Law in Poland.
He served for one term, and left office in 1974.
He served from 1991 to 1999.
He served in many administrative positions and was the rector of Kazan University from 1827 to 1846.
He served in the Congress of the Peruvian Government from 1995 to 2001.
He served in the Radio-Radar Procurement Branch and in the European Trans-Atlantic Project.
He served in the Senate for 8 months.
He served several prison terms, and was in prison at Rochester when he died in 1892.
He serves on the Board of Trustees of the SETI Institute.
He serving 2 terms as Executive Member of TTAADC from 1995-2000 and again 2005-2015.
He set fire to the village and killed lots of people.
He set sail from Bristol.
He settled in Curitiba as a merchant.
He's full of advice for his roommates, even though they might not know what he's talking about.
He’s got all this merchandise from the Wet Willie movie (which stank) and yet he can’t go diving because none of it will help him breathe underwater.
He shakes his fist at The Charlatan, then collapses in a second death.
He/she is elected by the entire body to be their leader.
He shot at his stepfather and missed, but eventually gunned him down.
He showed big bruises on his arm, which he said were caused by handcuffs.
He signed a one-year contract worth $525,000 with the Vancouver Canucks on July 1, 2011.
He signed up to play a double role in the movie Tenaliraman, his third movie as hero.
He signed up with Alcor.
He signs almost all of his letters with "Subcomandante Marcos, from the mountains of the southeast of Mexico."
He sings this in a song which is very beautiful, but it does not obey the rules of the Mastersingers.
He sired nine children upon his wife Maria Cecilia Guardi.
He smuggled a plane load into the United States.
He sold his first painting there in 1880.
He sold some of his land, some livestock, and his house.
He sold the majority of his shares in Facebook for over $1 billion in 2012, but remains on the board of directors.
He sometimes behaves like a baby when he is in trouble.
He sometimes throws things.
He soon became very famous when he was a young man.
He soon found the Fascists were not radical enough for him, but he supported Italian Fascism until his death in 1944.
He sought to increase employment opportunities with a famous four-point strategy.
He spent 504 hours in space, and retired from NASA in 1985.
He spent a period of three years in the mountains of Sehwan Sharif and the forest of Laal Bagh in self-purification.
He spent his entire football career at NAC Breda, from 1948 until 1971, when he retired from football.
He spent most of his carrier with the Seattle Mariners but also played for the New York Yankees and the Miami Marlins.
He spent the next two years touring and lecturing in Berlin, Zurich, London, and Paris.
He spent time in Cuba.
He spoke about his long history in the county, how he grew up in Teaneck and attended grammar school in Bogota."
He spoke about this theme in a series of articles in the 1840s and 1850s.
He spoke five languages.
He spoke it to his grandfather.
He’s related to the Malfoys through Narcissa Malfoy (née Black) who married into the Malfoy family, and is Sirius’ cousin.
Hesse used an existentialist idea from Kierkegaard to write this book.
He stands on two legs, has a black body, a white ring about his neck, and an orange beak.
He starred in his own TV show called Pitchmen with his friend and co-worker Anthony Sullivan.
He started a group called Concentus Musicus Wien.
He started as a journalist, and wrote many famous non-fiction works and short stories.
He started as a trainee artist at the Ankara State Theater.
He started at the age of 19 in a match versus Yugoslavia(3:0).
He started his career by helping singers at the Graz Opera to learn their roles.
He started his career in 1974 as the lead singer in the band The Zoo.
He started his career in Dashgyn Zagatala, and then played for Mertskhali Ozurgeti, Turan Tovuz, Kur-Nur, Neftchi Baku, Dinamo Stavropol, Baltika Kaliningrad, Fakel Voronezh and Volgar Gazprom.
He started his education in a Lower-Secondary School in Przemyśl.
He started his international career on 12 October 1966 in Ankara versus Turkey.
He started his journalistic career at LBC Radio, before writing for the Sunday Times.
He started his political career as a Cabinet member, but eventually became a Senator at-large.
He started his reign by getting rid of the influence of the widow Queen Elisabeth and her Italian courtiers.
He started learning classical music under Dhanraj.
He started out as a Turntablist fusing hip-hop, breakbeats and 70's classics, in the club life of Stockholm.
He started playing football in the youth teams of his local club USV Zederhaus.
He started playing hockey in Novice A category but he was much better than the other players of his team.
He started playing the saxophone in 1966 when he was 10 years old.
He started racing in motorcycling in 1952, won his first race in 1956, as well as winning the 500cc Motorcycle Championship in 1956, as well as 1958, 1959 and 1960.
He started swimming when he was 3, and diving when he was 7. He did his first international competition when he was 11. In 2013, he stated that he is in a relationship with a man.
He started the group as the only member.
He started to compose a lot of his greatest works and received many honours from universities.
He started to learn the piano from his father.
He started to play the piano when he was four.
He started to produce operas in Berlin.
He started using a new knee prosthesis in 2012.
He started with TVXQ in 2003.
He started writing operas again in 1718 and became very famous.
He stated he was leaving the kingdom "to younger men" and made no attempt to name an heir.
He states: "We have aggressive tracks, artsy and musical tracks, which is new territory for Skillet.
He stayed a member for more than 36 years.
He stayed there for over a decade, helping to make them one of the world’s finest orchestras.
He stayed until spring, painting its façade many times.
Hestia gave up her throne for Dionysus in order to prevent a civil war among the Olympians.
He still makes a lot of music today and uses many different pseudonyms (names).
He stood for election as president of the new Czech Republic in 1993.
He stopped writing musical criticism in 1887 and began composing once more.
He strangled and killed his brother and kept the One Ring to himself.
He studied and improved wheat, corn, and other cereal crops.
He studied animation at the California Institute of the Arts.
He studied architecture at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts.
He studied architecture at the Catholic University of Chile.
He studied art at night under Louis Buvelot.
He studied at Blair Academy and at Colgate University.
He studied at Central University of Venezuela.
He studied at Davidson College.
He studied at Riverland Community College.
He studied at Synge Street.
He studied at the Anglo-French Art Centre at St Johns Wood and the Southampton Row School of Art.
He studied at the Augsburg Conservatory and then the Munich National Theatre and at Mönchen-Gladbach.
He studied at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, and during 1826 in Paris.
He studied at the University of Jordan.
He studied at the University of Massachusetts.
He studied law and then worked in the Finnish secret police.
He studied mathematics at the Leipzig University from 1961 to 1966.
He studied medicine in Germany and England.
He studied the music of Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) whose music people had almost forgotten.
He studied theology at the University of Thessaloniki in Greece and received a master's degree in 1989 and a PhD in 1992.
He suffered a heart attack in 2002 and missed the Breeders' Cup.
He suffered an injury in December.
He suggested that a footpath be created to help.
He suggested that fairy tales could be recognized by their story, but this has been criticized, because the same stories can be found in stories that are not fairy tales.
He suggests that Jesus did not form his parables merely as analogies but based on an "inward affinity between the natural and the spiritual order."
He supported Czechs who wanted to rule their own country and let their culture flourish, but he was not one of them because he himself was brought up in a German culture.
He survived at least two strokes, in 1999 and again in 2004.
He survived blizzards and storms and the death of his elephant, who drowned while fleeing an attack of bandits.
He survived the attack with minor injuries.
He takes a magic feather from the bird's tail, then releases her.
He takes a vacation to his ancestral homeland, Russia.
He takes her to his camp.
He takes refuge with the crown in the tower, but Rapunzel knocks him out with a frying pan, and hides him in her wardrobe.
He talked about his life in exile in China, Israel, and the U.S., and his return to Berlin.
He taught at Peabody Conservatory of Music, the Curtis Institute of Music, and the Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto.
He taught at the Josip Slavenski School of Music, University of Pristina and University of the Arts in Belgrade.
He taught at the Tokyo Theological Seminary for 15 years while working on his Dictionnaire japonais-français des noms principaux de l'histoire et de la géographie de Japon.
He taught composition at several universities.
He taught composition at the Berlin Hochschule für Musik (the Berlin Conservatoire) from 1890 until his retirement in 1910.
He taught Fashion at the University of Córdoba.
He taught for nearly ten years, with little public notice.
He taught himself classical guitar, at age 24, inspired by the playing of Don Costa, who had started on that instrument before becoming one of the most important arrangers in popular music.
He taught himself to play guitar around the age of 10 and began going to the Lyon & Healy Music School in 1941 soon after.
He taught that pain is caused by craving.
He taught the syllabary to his daughter, Ayokeh (Ayoka).
He tells about meeting with the other Christian leaders in Jerusalem as reported in Acts chapter 15, verses 2:1–10.
He tells her her that their "reunion" was a mistake and he ends their relationship.
He tells her that it is too big for only her and her aunt.
He tells his mother a wolf attacked him, not Yuki.
He tells Ilia that it is not his fault that their fathers were enemies.
He tells poor jokes and stories (but finds them hilarious himself), is a wanna-be anarchist (although deep-down he is quite conservative) and frequently acts like a child when he does not get his way.
He tells them that Simone was never real, but they don't believe him.
He tells Xena to stop Hercules from going to Thebes because there is a trap set up for him there; however, Xena would like Hercules to go since there is trouble and he needs to help.
He thanks him for being a very good friend to her, since she could not make friends at her old school.
He then advanced ahead of his comrades about 10 yards, drawing fire and spotting camouflaged machine gun nests.
He then appeared on Captain Newman, M.D. (1963).
He then became president of the University of Massachusetts.
He then became State Secretary for Finance until his appointment as Minister for Education, Science, Research and Sport on 3 July 2014.
He then began expanding his kingdom.
He then jumped out of the plane.
He then left again to go and pursue family time.
He then met Malcolm Cecil and Robert Margouleff who introduced him to an electric orchestra known as TONTO (The Original New Timbral Orchestra) Around the time of its release the previous year, it garnered a lot of attention.
He then moved to Lithuania.
He then moved to New York City.
He then picks a flight that is low on fuel.
He then pierces the loaded powder bag with a spike.
He then served in the Kent and the Foudroyant.
He then sets them to be blasted back to Earth in rockets.
He then studied classical piano, music theory and counterpoint at the Vantaa Music Institute.
He then talked about General Hooker's near-
He then toured for a time with Ross Carlyle.
He then uses a can of beans to fart and give him the momentum to make it out of the hallway.
He then was archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manaus, Brazil from 2012 to 2019.
He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mazatlán, Mexico, from 1981 to 2005.
He then was coadjutor bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Huelva, Spain from 1990 to 1993 and was bishop of the Huelva Diocese from 1993 to 2006.
He then was the bishop of the diocese from 1991 to 2000.
He then worked for seven years as professor of modern history at the FernUniversität Hagen, a distance-learning university in Germany.
He then worked for the CNRS from 1949 to 1954, first as an intern and then as a research assistant.
He then worked with Disney UK for a while before getting hired to play Fabian Rutter on House of Anubis.
He therefore picked those news and issues that would be interesting to Chinese.
He thinks he is a failure because he made his newspaper company just to be popular and so he can become rich.
He thinks it will help change people's mind about what people with disabilities can do.
He thinks of stopping the marriage through various means but he could not.
He thought as well that the remoteness and desolation of the reservation would discourage white settlement.
He thought it was an island of India, so he called the people "Indians".
He thought it would bring the story more attention from children.
He thought that Colbert being in the episode was "disappointing".
He thought that he, of all people, should have perfect hearing.
He thought that his sister would not be harmed by the fire of the magic robe and Prahlad would be burnt to death.
He thought that revolution could fix it.
He thought the machine he developed would lead to an "industrial revolution in education" (p. 672).
Heth's men, carrying the wounded Pettigrew, withdrew over the river ending the battle.
He tied them in a special knot and lowered them safely down the ridge.
He told Bobby he wasn't to go by swearing on his son's name; but, Cirie, Courtney and Danielle told him they thought Bruce could be trusted more.
He told people about the bad things that were done by the priests and the people working for the government, and this caused trouble for him and his relatives.
He told the stories and they were written down for him.
He told the stories of the novels to his fellow prisoners.
He told viewers to get to safety by urging in a calm but stern manner, "for God's sake, take cover!"
He took 4 wickets in the match.
He took a long time to wake up and his leg was wounded.
He took classes.
He took office on January 15, 2005.
He took part in the Indian independence movement as student leader of CPI after joining it in 1939.
He took some lessons and earned money by teaching and playing the violin.
He took the hair and put it back into her head and she was cured.
He tortures Harry, then challenges him to a duel to prove his prowess.
He traveled around a lot, and had a lot of adventures.
He traveled to Germany for saboteur training.
He travelled a few more miles that day but got worse that night.
He treated Balliol like a 'Puppet King' and the Scots were not happy.
He tried to escape, but was quickly captured.
He tried to finish his plan, but Black Zetsu betrayed him.
He tried to get Wagner’s attention once, running after his coach and begging Wagner to listen to his music.
He tried to make a cult of personality, which means that he put many pictures and statues of himself around his country to make himself seem important.
He tries to escape and fails.
He tries to get rid of the cats in order to gain her fortune.
He tries to protect Gongmen City from Lord Shen.
He turns against Diana to save Snow but dies in the process.
H. Eugene Lehman, Lives of England's Reigning and Consort Queens (Bloomington, IN: AuthorHouse, 2011), p. 138 Since his father's death a year earlier, the 24 year old Edward II was now king.
He umpired in both leagues from 2000 to 2009.
He understood nature well.
He underwent two trepanning surgeries, but did not regain consciousness.
He used a machine called a blink comparator.
He used a type III-S (smooth) and type II-R (rough) strain.
He used his CB radio to contact people on the ground.
He used his celebrity to advance aviation across the world.
He used his mathematical skills to look at some of the biggest problems in science in his day.
He used humor for his teachings and was also an excellent cook.
He used one of the trees to make a new top mast for the Resolution.
He used the techniques of other composers of his time, but added some very special effects.
He used to be a scientist who invented mid-control things before being fired.
He uses a human spaceship to get into space while the explosion destroys Halo.
He uses a rest-stroke picking technique.
He uses grasses to tie knots and make sure the nest is completely secure.
He usually has psychic powers.
He usually sings but sometimes plays the guitar and marimba.
He usually wore military attire, and dined and slept amongst the soldiers.
Heveningham has a church called St Margaret.
He voices the character Bird Person on Rick and Morty.
He waited a long time, before he finally told Lennon.
He wa killed by his wayward student while using the Reaper Death Seal.
He wanted listeners to find their own interpretation of the music.
He wanted to be an artist, and he returned to art school, which he had quit to join the Beatles.
He wanted to do it faster than he did before.
He wanted to give an idea of how the people he met thought things through, and expressed this to each other, along with telling what they did and said.
He wanted to improve the music in his own country.
He wanted to make more money as an author.
He wanted to make sure to keep the power he had, so he killed many of his opponents.
He wanted to stop the nobles and parlements from blocking his attempts to solve them.
He wanted to strengthen his power and protect the southern area of Suwon.
He wants Ana to stay at home while he is away, but she goes out for a drink with her best friend, Kate Kavanagh.
He wants to know whether she is married.
He wants to meet her in person.
He was 25 years old at launch.
He was 28 when he wrote the original computer code for what eventually became e-Bay.
He was 39 when he set foot on the moon.
He was 41 when he was shot in the head in the men's room in his University, Divine School where he was teaching on May 21 1991.
He was 59 years old.
He was 68 years old. citation However, Silverstein’s poetry is still enjoyed today.
He was 74 years old.
He was 85 years old.
He was 86 years old.
He was 95 years old.
He was about 1.65 m, and weighted around 45–55 kg.
He was about 50 years old.
He was accused of being part of the 1966 Nigerian coup d'état.
He was a child during the Third Great Ninja War.
He was a close advisor to President Bashir Gemayel.
He was a commentator on RTL Televizija together with Filip Brkić.
He was a companion to San Ignacio de Loyola.
He was active in the 1960s and 1970s.
He was added to the NHL's second all-star team in 1975 and 1977.
He was a delegate to the Constitutional Convention, and he was a signer of the Constitution.
He was a disabled veteran of World War I, and a victim of tuberculosis, but he was allowed to join.
He was a firefighter by profession.
He was a foreign correspondent for the Polish press agency.
He was a Foreign Minister of Russia from 30 September 1998 to 24 February 2004.
He was a former top analyst for ESPN National Hockey Night and NHL on ABC which he broadcast over 95 Stanley Cup Finals games on National TV.
He was a founding member of Black President and also plays guitar in another supergroup, Punk Rock Karaoke.
He was a founding member of the National Society of Black Physicists.
He was a friend who was also at the demonstration.
He was again jailed in 1984 and released in 1991.
He was a known person on the treatment of medullary injuries.
He was almost blind by middle age.
He was also a guest artist on the no.
He was also a member of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences.
He was also a member of The Three Ickkies.
He was also a minister, and mayor of Yssingeaux.
He was also an actor.
He was also an expert in games and naughty things.
He was also appointed Svensktoppen "composer of the year" in 2001.
He was also a producer of the TV program Sunday Night hosted by David Sanborn.
He was also a radio personality and television presenter.
He was also a Senior lecturer at the Lagos State University.
He was also a writer and supporter of democratic reform in China.
He was also called Gosan (고산, 孤山), Haeong (해옹, 海翁), or Yakyi (약이, 約而).
He was also called "Taika," for "Great Change." citation He ruled from 645 AD - 654 AD.
He was also given credit for Judwaa 2, October (2018), and Sui Dhaaga.
He was also involved in MMA, facing Rickson Gracie at the second event of Vale Tudo Japan and being the founder of the female MMA brands AX and G-Shooto.
He was also its head abbot.
He was also known as a public intellectual and political commentator.
He was also known as Zombie Boy.
He was also known for bankrolling challenges for the yachting trophy the America's Cup.
He was also nicknamed "Colsie".
He was also one of the creators of the Secret Polish Army, which was a resistance group in German-occupied Poland.
He was also organist at the Waalse Kerk, Amsterdam.
He was also part of the main cast on the critically-acclaimed sitcom News Radio, until his murder.
He was also responsible for providing the voices of several of the series' characters.
He was also selected Best Eleven in 2008 and 2009.
He was also selected "J.
He was also selected Japan in 1977.
He was also the acting Prime Minister from July to October 2000 and Leader of the Movement for Democracy.
He was also the Court's Vice-President from 2009 to 2012.
He was also the first Vice Prime Minister and a Minister of Economy of Ukraine.
He was also the former Deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra.
He was also the rebel leader during the Costa Rican civil war.
He was also very impressed about their landfall predictions on August 17, before Alicia made landfall.
He was also worried about the "National Redoubt."
He was a man who was good and loving.
He was ambassador to France, Germany, Italy, Belgium and the European Union.
He was a Member of Provincial Parliament for two years in the Ontario legislature, but he is best known for having led the protests against the proposed Pickering International Airport in the 1970s.
He was a member of Sejm (Parliament).
He was a member of the 11st National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the 12nd CPC Central Committee.
He was a member of the Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic (now the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences) (1972).
He was a member of the advisory board of the International Peace Institute (IIP) in Vienna.
He was a member of the Alecto Cycling Team.
He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party.
He was a member of the British Astronomical Association until his death in 2018.
He was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity.
He was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP).
He was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP).
He was a member of the Communist Party (PCI). citation He became a member of the Sicilian Regional Assembly in 1959.
He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union.
He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), which led to his appointment to a series of offices.
He was a member of the Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea.
He was a member of the Doce Pares Eskrima Club.
He was a member of the Freedom Union – Democratic Union.
He was a member of the Justice and Development Party (AK Party).
He was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives between 1966 until his retirement in 1976.
He was a member of the Los Tres Caballeros alongside Roberto Cantoral and Leonel Gálvez, beginning in 1954.
He was a member of the Massachusetts Senate from 1991 to 1993.
He was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 1983 to 1996.
He was a member of the Munich city council from 1960 to 1966.
He was a member of the Orphan Newboys led by Marty Grosz.
He was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party.
He was a member of the political party Popular Action.
He was a member of the Popular Front of Moldova.
He was a member of the Regionalist Party of Cantabria.
He was a member of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
He was a member of the ROSSEM party.
He was a member of the ruling People's Democratic Party (PDP).
He was a member of the South Dakota State Senate from 1965 to 1968.
He was a member of the The Olive Tree.
He was a member of the Uranium Club.
He was a member of the Yasnaya Polyana Literary Award, member of the Writers' Union of Russia.
He was a member to the Free Democratic Party.
He was a Minister of Social Affairs from 1980 to 1983.
He was a Minister of the Navy in the 1970s, and President of the NATO Assembly in the 1980s.
He was "among the most significant British philosophers of the last century and a leading campaigner for racial tolerance and equality".
He was an army general.
He was an art historian professor.
He was an Assistant United States Attorney and United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
He was angry, and wrote about it in a book called The Island Of Sakhalin and in a short story called The Murder.
He was angry at his former mentor, Minato.
He was a night shift reporter to editor in chief in various newspapers.
He was an important person in the Dutch Pentecostal movement.
He was an Independent and member of the National Awami Party.
He was an MP from 1978 to 1996, and was Speaker of the House of Representatives between 1990 and 1993.
He was annoyed and wrote an article in a music magazine saying that it was not possible to write operas using Russian stories.
He was an organiser for the Labour Party in Cork, a regional trade union secretary and one of a number of early Labour Dáil members to promote Christian socialism.
He was a part-time member of the Monopolies and Mergers Commission from 1966 to 1978.
He was a passenger in a Cadillac sport utility vehicle that was hit by a Volkswagen Beetle.
He was apparently so intently concentrated in his experiments and he had an aggressive personality, he was known to be socially awkward.
He was appointed as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 2006 for his efforts in fashion design.
He was appointed Bishop of Växjö in 1995.
He was appointed in 2010 citation and used to be a partner of in the law firm of Dickinson, Cruickshank & Co from 1985 - 2010.
He was appointed the chief photographer of Noticias in 1977, after most other photojournalists had left the country following Mozambique's independence.
He was appointed the Vice-Minister of Defense.
He was a professor at Sibelius Academy from 1993 to 1997 and at the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre from 1997 until his death in 2016.
He was a professor at the Sapienza University of Rome.
He was a professor at the University of Freiburg and the author of more than 20 books and 80 articles dealing with legal and constitutional theory.
He was a professor in Medieval studies and historian of the Mediaeval period.
He was a professor of journalist at Charles III University of Madrid.
He was archpriest of the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls from 2005 to 2009.
He was a reverend and made a machine that knitted together silk.
He was arrested on August 23, 2019 following a warrant by the Tunis Court of Appeal.
He was as an active member of the Anthropological Society of Yugoslavia and was a Co-Founder and member of the Association of Genetics in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
He was a scholar of St Chad's College, Durham.
He was a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
He was a seven time NBA All-star.
He was a sideline reporter for other basketball tournaments for TNT and has been the Olympic Basketball sideline reporter for NBC since 2008.
He was a spokesperson for public schools and TAFE colleges.
He was a sportscaster for WBRE-TV.
He was assigned to the building of Fort Delaware.
He was assistant from Catholic Masses, when participated in all activities of the Church in his hometown.
He was assisted by another player who, along with the editor, found Morphy incorrigibly lazy".
He was a tall, strong man and a successful boxer.
He was attracted to Sally, and was jealous when she started going out with Dan. However, Sally and Dan split up, and she began a rocky relationship with Joe.
He was auxiliary bishop of the Sosnowiec from 1992 to 1998.
He was a very great success in Dublin, and he stayed there until August, when he returned to London.
He was a very important artist specially for Brazilian Popular Music as a sambista (those who do samba), composer and instrumentist, with over 50 years dedicated to music.
He was a war correspondent and the author of 17 novels and many short stories.
He was awarded his PhD at Harvard in 1990.
He was awarded Knighthood of the Order of St. Gregory in 2006.
He was awarded the Efficiency Medal in October 1950.
He was awarded the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2006, a year after his death.
He was awarded the King Faisal International Prize in 2015. citation citation He fled from India in 2016.
He was awarded the Order of Alexander Nevsky in 2015 and the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" in 2017.
He was awarded the Vermilye Medal in 1980.
He was awarded with the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts in 2013 by the Ministry of Education, Culture and Sport.
He was a well known figure in the Hudson River School of American landscape painters.
He was believed to have been overlooked due to discrimination.
He was best known as the author of the play There's a Girl in My Soup.
He was best known as the leading authority on Canadian constitutional law.
He was best known both as one of Mickey Mouse's original Mouseketeers, and as Robbie Douglas on My Three Sons.
He was best known for having hosted Hee Haw from 1969 to 1997.
He was best known for his hits "Chérie" (1966), "Als marktkramer ben ik geboren" (1969) and "Ik spring uit een vliegmachien" (1996).
He was best known for his role as Barry Stuart-Hargreaves in the first seven series of the long-running BBC sitcom Hi-de-Hi!
He was best known for his work on horror and science-fiction movies.
He was best known for his work on mental causation and the mind-body problem.
He was better known as Alec Douglas-Home.
He was better known under his ring name, "Pretty Boy" Larry Sharpe.
He was Bishop of Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession in Poland from 1991 to 2001 and Chairman of Polish Ecumenical Council from 1993 to 2001.
He was Bishop of Kalamazoo from 1998 to 2009.
He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oita, Japan, from 2011 until his death.
He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Vittorio Veneto, Italy, from 1997 to 2003.
He was booked into the Barstow Jail on the same day.
He was born here in 1924.
He was born in Aldaya, Spain.
He was born in Blida, Algeria.
He was born in Bonaya Boshe, Welega.
He was born in Brisighella, Italy.
He was born in c. 1270, and executed by the English on 23 August 1305.
He was born in Chevreuil.
He was born in Custom House, London.
He was born in Enns, Austria.
He was born in Grodno, Belarus.
He was born in Harghita.
He was born in Kaposvár.
He was born in Makokou, Gabon.
He was born in Mhlosheni.
He was born in Nordheim, Texas.
He was born in November 28th, 1974 in Angeles City in the Philippines, from the age of 11 and he moved to the United States because he was adopted by the Hudgen's family.
He was born in Pabna.
He was born in Ramsau am Dachstein.
He was born in Richlands, North Carolina.
He was born in Rio de Janiero.
He was born in Smiths Falls, Ontario.
He was born in Szolnok.
He was born in Tegelen, Netherlands.
He was born in the Prince Gong Mansion in Beijing, China.
He was born in Timaru.
He was born into a large family and was sent to live with a foster-nurse for four years.
He was born in Unsleben, Germany.
He was born in Urtijëi.
He was born in Viipuri.
He was born in Vyborg.
He was born off-screen during an episode broadcast on 31 December 1980, but made his first appearance on 5 January 1981.
He was born on March 20, 43 BC in Sulmona, then called Sulmo.
He was brought up by his mother and his aunt. this illness still didn't hold Saint-Saens back. at the age of two his aunt taught him the piano.
He was buried at St. John Cemetery, in Queens, New York.
He was buried in a tomb in this cathedral.
He was buried in Iona, only 37/38 years old.
He was buried in Kasur when he died in 1757.
He was buried in St. Paul's Cathedral.
He was called to active duty before the United States' entrance into World War II.
He was called up to the Senators in September 1939.
He was careful not to make the opera too long, and chose several chapters from Pushkin’s original book so that the story sometimes jumps from one time to a time much later.
He was chairman and Global CEO of The Vitol Group, the world's largest independent energy trader.
He was Chairman of the Council for the Defense of Human Rights and Freedoms of the People of Kosovo from 1991 to 1995.
He was chairman of the council of the National Library from 1995 to 1998.
He was Chairman of the Council of the People's Deputies together with USPD Leader Hugo Haase.
He was chairman of the Krishnarpan Charity Trust, B.K. Birla Institute of Engineering & Technology (BKBIET) and other educational trusts and institutes.
He was chairman of the party's group from 1999 to 2000 and in 1999 he was the party's candidate for the post of President of the Italian Republic.
He was Chairman of the Victorian Bar 1985–86, Vice-President of the Australian Bar Association 1986–87 and President of the Law Council of Australia 1990–91.
He was Champion again in 2013.
He was Chief of Staff of the French Army from 17 April 1991 to 27 August 1996.
He was coadjutor bishop of the Territorial Prelature of Jesús María del Nayar from 1992 to 1994 and as bishop of the territorial prelature from 1994 to 2010.
He was commander, Field Command, Defense Atomic Support Agency, Sandia Base, N.M. During his career, he was awarded the Legion of Merit two times and the Distinguished Flying Cross also two times.
He was commander in chief of the Chilean Air Force.
He was considered an important artist during his lifetime.
He was considered the patron of French actors.
He was curious, intelligent, and ambitious.
He was depowered by the company that created him, but then he was repowered so he could save the world.
He was Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Air Force of the Soviet Union from 1980 to 1986.
He was descended, through his mother, from the Alcmaeonid family.
He was described as "China's father of rural reform".
He was dethroned on 7 June 1905 by the Norwegian Parliament and renounced the Norwegian throne on 26 October.
He was discovered, arrested, and convicted of four murders in 1984.
He was disliked by other Africans, including his own people, who hated his constant wars.
He was drafted by the 49ers in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft.
He was drafted by the Blackhawks with the 196th pick in the 2004 NHL Draft.
He was drafted (selected) as the 15th overall pick (1st round) of the 1994 NFL Draft by the L.A. Rams.
He was educated at Ca' Foscari University of Venice.
He was elected 14 times, retiring in 2012.
He was elected a member of parliament from Bagerhat-1 in February 1996.
He was elected as a Justice of the Illinois Supreme Court in 1990.
He was elected as Mayor of the Sheffield City Region in 2018.
He was elected in the 2001 General Election.
He was elected on October 29 and shortly afterwards became speaker.
He was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 25 March 1897 and died in office on 11 March 1911.
He was elected to the Senate of Virginia.
He was famous among both nobles and commoners in his time, and is thought of as one of the four best poets during the Tang Dynasty.
He was finance minister from 1993 until 2002.
He was first accompanied by a valet named Vivacious Veronica Stone Cold Steve Austin.
He was first elected in 2001 after being a New York State Senator for 23 years.
He was first elected to the Manukau City council in 1992, and continued as councillor until 2004 when he did not run for re-election.
He was first made a cabinet minister in 1979 and served constantly through 18 years of Conservative government.
He was forced to leave the band that year by the vocalist Dennis Wilcock, but returned months later.
He was found after four months and sent to Carnac Island.
He was frequently arrested and prosecuted for a variety of offenses which often involved substance abuse.
He was frequently noted for his cheeky, mischievous humour.
He was furious with Lewis as well.
He was General Secretary of First World Conference on Malayalam language and Kerala Culture organised by the University of Kerala in 1977.
He was generous to the poor, a haven to the good, a champion of the Faith of Christ, a vessel full of every virtuous grace."
He was given the award of best foreign player in the league and was selected in the "Team of the year".
He was given the go-ahead by Warner Bros. in February 2011 with a budget of $75 million.
He was given the nickname "Cesar" because his sergeant could not pronounce his name.
He was Group CEO and member of the Board of Directors at KBL European Private Bankers.
He was head of the breakaway faction, Justice for the Elderly.
He was head of the Institut de recherche et d'innovation (IRI), which he founded in 2006 at the Centre Georges-Pompidou.
He was in 33 novels and 51 short stories.
He was in a relationship with actress Gubgib Sumontip.
He was in a relationship with Ilona Boguska from 1995 through 2002.
He was in charge of one of the academy's two schools of painting.
He was in charge of the Upper Krishna Project.
He was in Doctor Who: Live touring the UK, as Vorgenson The Inter-Galactic Showman.
He was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1975.
He was initially charged with burglary, but UTEP decided not to press charges.
He was in many car accidents during his career.
He was in office since 2013.
He was inspired by the Russian revolutionaries who believed that armed revolt can only bring freedom.
He was interested in the design and synthesis of new molecules with interesting properties, and the study of these properties.
He was interned with his family at the Granada War Relocation Center in Colorado.
He was in the number three swimming team in the 4 x 50 meter medley relay 20 Points race.
He was in the restaurant for around two hours ( c. 12:30 p.m.–14:23 p.m.) before the tactical team went into the building.
He was in the USAC Championship Car series.
He was involved in creating the 14-part television drama The Jewel in the Crown (1984), of which he was co-director and producer.
He was kept in prison for some years.
He was killed in the attack, which happened around the year 1300.
He was known as a tough, but generally fair tackler, and was nicknamed the "Börner Grater".
He was known as member of the Zulu Nation.
He was known as "Taters", "Mule", and the "Yankee Killer."
He was known as the Shevet HaLevi after his major work.
He was known by his trademark of frizzy hair and his teeth, his red, white and blue "tickling stick" and his upbeat greeting of "How tickled I am!", citation as well as his send-off "Lots and lots of happiness!"
He was known for being the original presenter for Unusual Weekly during the 1980s.
He was known for her works which focused on women and gender issues.
He was known for his bootstrap theory of strong interactions.
He was known for his deep voice.
He was known for his emphatic, theatrical style.
He was known for his movie In the Alleys of Love.
He was known for his role as Colonel Robert E. Hogan in Hogan's Heroes.
He was known for his roles as "Alfred Matzerath" in The Tin Drum (1979).
He was known for his roles as Holger in Soldaterkammerater rykker ud (1959) and as Rikard in Me and the Mafia (1973).
He was known for his roles in Mingo y Anibal, dos pelotazos en contra (1984), Mingo y Aníbal contra los fantasmas (1985), and in Mingo y Aníbal en la mansión embrujada (1986).
He was known for his roles in Nihon no Fixer, New Battles Without Honor and Humanity and The Last Samurai.
He was known for his translation of Jin Ping Mei, or The Plum in the Golden Vase, one of the Four Great Novels of the Ming dynasty.
He was known for his work on truth and meaning.
He was known for his works in bicycle transportation engineering.
He was known for his works including the Ferrari Dino GTS, Lancia Gamma Coupé and the Peugeot 504 and 504 Coupé.
He was known for playing André in the children's series Passe-Partout.
He was known for playing female characters citation because women at that time were prohibited from acting.
He was known for playing Lyle in the famous 1969 movie The Wild Bunch, and John Dillinger in the movie Dillinger.
He was known for representing Austria in the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest with his song "Lisa Mona Lisa".
He was known for roles in Oo yek freshteh bood (2005), Shoghe parvaz (2012) and Ensanha (2012).
He was known for writing fantasy books.
He was known in the track and road cycling field.
He was known to have been fairly promiscuous and had many sexual partners.
He was later killed by Orestes because he was going to marry Hermione, who Orestes wanted for himself.
He was later the Ministry General Secretariat of Government from 1983 to 1984.
He was loaned to many clubs while at Juventus, and signed for Viareggio 2014 in 2018.
He was Lord High Admiral from 2011 to 2021.
He was lord of all Denmark, of all England, of all Norway, and also of Scotland.
He was made a cardinal in 2016 and was the first and so far the only cardinal from Lesotho.
He was made a Kammersänger in 1980 and an Honorary Member of the Nationaltheater Mannheim in 1990.
He was made a Kennedy Center Honoree at the White House in 2014, and was awarded the Polar Music Prize in 2017.
He was made a Knight Bachelor in 1964.
He was made a member of the Arrernte community and was introduced to his traditional heritage.
He was married and had two sons.
He was married from 1979 to 1984 with her.
He was married to Alma Christ from 1942 until her death in 2009.
He was married to Anne and had two children: a daughter (Claire) and a son (Adam).
He was married to Annelies Kind from 1949 until his death in 2013.
He was married to April Paull from 1990 until they divorced.
He was married to Carmen Santistevan Avilés.
He was married to Cindy Trailer from 1955 until her death in 2011.
He was married to Ekaterina Voroshilova (born Golda Gorbman).
He was married to Elisabeth Palmer from 1954 until his death.
He was married to Elvera Stromberg from 1933 until her death in 1994.
He was married to Jane Jordan Rogers until his death in 2013.
He was married to Joan Specter.
He was married to Lenore Kipp from 1931 until her death in 1960.
He was married to Margaret Delamere from 1929 until they divorced in 1956.
He was married to Marian Ilitch from 1955 until his death.
He was married to Mary Anne Grimes from 1941 until they divorced in 1947.
He was married to Maxie for 78 years until his death.
He was married to Miriam (who died in 2002), and had three children.
He was married to Norma Prowse from 1963 until his death.
He was married to Philippa Jubber from 1963 to 1980.
He was married to Sandra Covey and had nine children.
He was married to Valerie Nelson from 1970 until they divorced in 1977.
He was married twice, first to Belinda Crossley and later to Fiona Margaret Herbert.
He was married with two children.
He was Mayor of Durango from 2004-2007, and twice times deputy in the Durango State Congress.
He was member of the Euro 2004 and 2008 - and World Cup 2006, 2010 and 2014 squads.
He was member of the Social Democratic Party.
He was Minister of Chemicals and Fertilizers between 2004 to 2009.
He was Minister of Justice and Interior Affairs from 1953 to 1954, Prime Minister from 1961 to 1962, Minister of Finance in 1962, and as Governor of Minas Gerais from 1983 to 1984.
He was Minister of the Left (
He was Minister of Urban Planning and Housing from 1991 to 1995 and again in 2000.
He was more commonly known as Bam Bam Bigelow.
He was most active during 2005 till recent years winning several national titles in Go-Kart, Single Seater Formula Cars, Two Wheelers and Saloon cars.
He was moved up to sixth in the race after James Jakes and Christian Vietoris stalled on the grid.
He was music director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra longer than any other conductor.
He was named a crew chief in 1999.
He was named a First-Team All-Pro and Offensive Rookie of the Year.
He was named after his grandfather who was the ruling King of Portugal at the time of his birth.
He was named after then-
He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1976 and a Hero of Socialist Labour in 1989.
He was named by the mass media as "Uncle Mak" citation or "Mr.
He was named Mila Thöpaga, which means "Mila, a joy to hear."
He was named on 15 February 2018.
He was named this because that was what he did to the people he killed.
He was never a serious candidate for promotion to the ministry.
He was never good at school.
He was nominated to be a judge by the Chamber of Deputies.
He was not popular.
He was not the best student though he was good at math.
He was officially named by the U.S. Senate in 1957 as one of its five best members.
He was one day shy of his forty-fifth birthday.
He was one half of the singing duo Robson & Jerome, who had several No. 1 singles in the 1990s.
He was one of only three hockey players to pass 2000 points in their playing career.
He was one of South Africa's most honored authors.
He was one of the best known classical guitarists of the 20th century.
He was one of the best known scientists of his time.
He was one of the first to use the postcard format in Peru.
He was one of the founders and members of the Dogme95 project for creating movies without artificial technology or techniques.
He was one of the founders of the Indian National Congress.
He was one of the founders of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in 2001.
He was one of the founding members of the Jazz Crusaders.
He was one of the great offensive line coaches in NFL history.
He was one of the pioneers of the great tradition of Spanish portrait painting.
He was one of Ukraine's most capped players.
He was only 35 when he won a record majority of seats in the 1911 elections, making him the youngest premier of Western Australia.
He was only rescued when technician Marty Wells heard his screams and stopped the train.
He was only tied for fifth in strikeouts (down significantly to 145) and 10th in ERA.
He was on the winning side in 1995 and 2002.
He was ordained to the priesthood in 1960.
He was originally appointed to investigate the allegation of assault by firefighter Stuart 'Recall' McKenzie to a hotel manager during a blaze.
He was outlived by his wife and three children.
He was outlived by his wife, Marilyn Friedman.
He was paired with Gino Cappeletti for every season except the 2001 season when he was hospitalized badly due to illness and replaced by Pete Brock for the first eight games.
He was particularly scornful of the ideas he found in St Petersburg when he returned from his decade of Siberian exile.
He was part of one of the most powerful Sunni Muslim families in the country.
He was part of the theatre company of Rafael López Somoza.
He was played by Warren Jackson from 1981 until 6 September 1996.
He was politically active in speaking out against the Cuban government.
He was popularly known as Leader of Common People.
He was popularly known as the "Father of Indian DNA fingerprinting".
He was praised at school for his poetry.
He was President from 1945 to 1967, presiding with mixed success over the country's rough switch to independence.
He was President of the Banca Commerciale Italiana from 1988 through 1990.
He was President of the Russian Academy of Medical Sciences from 1987 to 2006.
He was President of the Spanish Council of State between 2004 to 2012.
He was promoted to associate professor in 1986 and to full professor in 1992.
He was put in prison by the Japanese Government-General of Koreas.
He was put in prison for six months.
He was put on trial.
He was put on trial for seditious libel.
He was quickly becoming known as a very original young composer.
He was quickly given better jobs.
He was raised on a farm and was sometimes called "Farmer Young" and "Farmboy Young".
He was re-elected six times until his retirement at the 1992 elections.
He was referenced in "The Battle of the Labyrinth" where he states that Rachel's gold appearance made her look like she was touched by King Midas.
He was released, but his health had been damaged and he died not long afterwards.
He was released from prison in 1998 after serving only five years.
He was released on 6 October 2020.
He was released when notes on his personnel file showed that he had not helped the anti-Jewish actions in his department, and had tried to stop them.
He was renowned as a destructive and aggressive player.
He was replaced as ruler of France by Louis XVIII, brother of Louis XVI.
He was replaced by Matt Richardson, but then Caroline and Matt announced their leave.
He was replaced by Prime Minister Gen.
He was responsible for the deportation of Jews.
He was selected 2nd overall by the Penguins in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
He was selected as Peru's greatest ever player in an IFFHS poll, in which he was also included in the world's Top 50. citation He was renowned for his technique, shooting ability and free kick ability.
He was selected Best Eleven 7 times.
He was selected Best Eleven in 1966, 1967 and 1968.
He was sentenced to six months in prison and fined $40,000.
He was sentenced to three years in prison.
He was sentenced to two years prison.
He was sent to different schools in England, where he was unhappy.
He was simultaneously a scholar, an inventor, a mechanical engineer, an artisan, an artist, and a mathematician.
He was soon able to study at the University of Adelaide.
He was so stubborn that he wouldn’t return to the shop even if his family persuaded him.
He was spokesman for the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party and Saddam's government.
He was state senator from 1997 to 2004.
He was still not satisfied.
He was still only 24. His father hurt himself in a fall and could not play much.
He was strong, handsome, and honest.
He was succeeded on June 1, 2014 by Timothy D. Sands, Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs and Provost at Purdue University.
He was successful in ending the violence.
He was supported by the US government, US National Archives, RG 59 Records of Department of State; cable no.
He was survived by his widow Jan; his daughter, Jaime D. Evans (born August 21, 1959); and his son, Jon P. Evans (born October 9, 1961).
He was sworn in on 5 August 2009.
He was taken off life support over 12 hours later, quarter to midnight and was pronounced dead at 12:08 am on 9 September 1976.
He was taken to a hospital in the town of Layla where he was pronounced dead.
He was taught English.
He was the 22nd Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan from 2018 until his death in 2019.
He was the 25th pick of the 1998 NBA Draft.
He was the 2nd President of Zanzibar from 7 April 1972 to 30 January 1984.
He was the author of Naija No Dey Carry Last.
He was the author of several books, including collections of essays and novels.
He was the bassist for Flipper, which Kurt Cobain was a fan of, but later left the band.
He was the best puck-catcher when he played.
He was the biological son of Jaikas that fell in the desert.
He was the bishop of Palencia between 1996 and 2006 and of Orihuela-Alicante between 2006 and 2012.
He was the bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Arizona from 1992 to 2004.
He was the chief justice of Malta from 1971 to 1981.
He was the country's first Prime Minister.
He was the Deputy Florida Attorney General.
He was the deputy of the Svoboda party from 2012 to 2014.
He was the father of actor Christian Bale and the husband of Gloria Steinem.
He was the father of Balhae's founder, Dae Jo-Young.
He was the father of Earl G. Graves Jr.
He was the Finance Minister between 1988 and 1999 and the Chairman of the CSU, respectively.
He was the financial backer of her most famous work, Married Love.
He was the first African-American television analyst in Major League Baseball.
He was the first Ceylonese Vice Chancellor of the University of Ceylon, where his nickname was "Iron Vice Chancellor".
He was the first Chilean motorcyclist to run the Paris-Dakar from beginning to end.
He was the first General Secretary of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia from 1987 until 1989.
He was the first indigenous Australian to graduate from a university.
He was the first Korean to win an MTV award.
He was the first member in 1959.
He was the first person of African heritage in space.
He was the first skier to finish in the Giant Slalom race, and was the second skier to finish in the sitting men's downhill race and the Super-G race.
He was the first Tanzanian bishop.
He was the Foreign Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo citation under the transitional government following his appointment to that post on July 23, 2004.
He was the founder of Operazione Mato Grosso (Operation Mato Grosso).
He was the founder of the companies Compañía Comercial e Industrial Tres Montes S.A. (now Tresmontes Lucchetti) and Sociedad Comercial de Almacenes Ltda.
He was the founder of the First Moog Quartet, as a partner in the electronic music duo Perrey and Kingsley, and writer of rock-inspired compositions for Jewish religious ceremonies.
He was the founder of the Vincent Price Art Museum in California.
He was the founder of Wardair Airlines, at one time, the third-largest air carrier in Canada.
He was the founder, owner and chairman of King Power Duty Free.
He was the god of the air and his consort was Ament (
He was the head coach at UC Irvine and head coach at USC from 1987 to 2006.
He was the Heir apparent of Savoy from his birth and as such was styled as the Prince of Piedmont.
He was the honorary research director at the Institut français du pétrole and a member of the French Academy of Science.
He was the host of Feagler & Friends, a weekly half-hour discussion program on WVIZ until 2013.
He was the host of Giants Online and Giants Training Camp Report.
He was the keyboard player and producer of Dingo and the Hurriganes.
He was the key force in establishing the Indian Administrative Service and the Indian Police Service.
He was the King of Deira under his uncle and overlord Oswiu.
He was the king of Spargus City, and before that, the leader of Haven City.
He was the last lieutenant governor whose duties included presiding over the Louisiana State Senate.
He was the last presidentially-appointed mayor of the District of Columbia.
He was the last surviving Senator from the Stanley Cup winners of 1927 and participated in the 'Bring Back The Senators' campaign.
He was the leader of the Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK) between 2010 and 2021.
He was the leader of the United Thai Party and the Justice Unity Party.
He was the leading English player in a game played by letters sent between London and Edinburgh in 1824, won by the Scots.
He was the main economics spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats from 2003 to 2010 and became the Liberal Democrats' Deputy Leader in 2006.
He was the Mayor of Cincinnati from 1977 through 1978.
He was the Minister for Sport from 2016 to 2018.
He was the Minister of Cooperation from 1986 to 1988.
He was the nephew of Samuel Gobat, a missionary who became bishop of Jerusalem.
He was the NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2011.
He was the NHL's first American-born and trained goaltender.
He was then named Republican Vice Presidential candidate by Reagan after Reagan defeated him.
He was then released and left the army in dishonor.
He was then taken away by the referees to backstage.
He was the number two person to finish in the 400 meter Freestyle race.
He was the number two swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle race.
He was the oldest child in his family.
He was the one who created Legoland in Billund, the same year the Billund Airport started operating in 1968.
He was the only architect who had more than one building on the list.
He was the only president to serve a second term that did not begin as soon as the first had ended.
He was the president of the assembly from 2017 until 2018.
He was the prime minister of Iran from 7 August 1977 to 27 August 1978 when he resigned.
He was the prime suspect in the shooting death of his ex-girlfriend, Danielle Breed, the day before.
He was the Rebbe of the Erlau dynasty.
He was the richest man in Poland.
He was the second skier to finish in the men's sitting slalom race and was the third skier to finish in the sitting men's Super Combined race.
He was the Secretary of State of Maine serving from 1965–1966.
He was the Society's President from 1999 to 2001. citation He worked at the Graduate Center at City University New York.
He was the son of a notary, a person who writes legal documents.
He was the son of a Serb Orthodox mother and Catholic father.
He was the son of Erebus and Nyx.
He was the son of Geoffrey, Duke of Brittany.
He was the son of the merchant Niklas Koppernigk and his wife Barbara Koppernigk (born Barbara Watzenrode).
He was the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Myanmar from 2016 to 2018.
He was the Spiritual Head at the Sadhu Vaswani Mission founded by his Guru, Sadhu T. L. Vaswani.
He was the sports anchor for the station before becoming sports director.
He was the subject of the 2006 documentary The Cole Nobody Knows.
He was the tallest player in the NBA, at convertcheck.
He was the tenth child and he was the youngest in his family.
He was the titular bishop of Sellectum and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Culiacán, Mexico from 1989 to 1993 and then as bishop of the diocese from 1993 to 2011.
He was the United States Ambassador to Spain from 1993 to 1997 and the United States Ambassador to Italy from 1977 to 1981.
He was the vice-president from 2003 to 2005.
He was the winner of the Canadian National Judo Championship in the -81 kg category in 2010.
He was the younger brother of actor Robbie Magasiva.
He was the youngest son of Sir David Graaff, 1st Baronet.
He was third director of NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center from 1973 to 1974. citation He retired from NASA in 1975.
He was thought by many other Go players as one of the greatest Go players in its history.
He was titular bishop of Bapara and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Caracas from 1995 to 1997.
He was titular bishop of Buffada and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seoul from 1977 to 1984 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Daejeon, South Korea, from 1984 to 2005.
He was to be based in Tripoli.
He was trying to find the right way to calculate the intensity of bright lines in the hydrogen lamp spectrum.
He was trying to protect Richmond from another Union army on the Peninsula.
He was unable to maintain stability.
He was usually credited as Camille Flammarion.
He was very concerned that the Anglo-Irish had become more Irish than the Irish themselves.
He was very famous for all of his flights around the world.
He was very good in riding in the mountains.
He was very interested in what life on other planets would be like, which is known as SETI (search for extraterrestrial intelligence).
He was very poor.
He was very popular in the 1960s and 1970s.
He was very upset by the death of Raymonde Linossier who was the only woman he ever wanted to marry.
He was voted off after the top 7 participants.
He was well educated but had a malicious character.
He was well known for his quotes, including "It ain't over 'til it's over."
He was worried that the new young king would not be able to rule the country properly.
He was worshiped until the end of the Pre-Dynastic period.
He was wounded in the siege of Montreuil.
He watched as prices soared for his original cars.
He wears the number 3 on his Everton shirt.
He went back to Madrid in 1901 where he worked for a newspaper called Arte Joven.
He went on to write the animator's book The Illusion of Life with Ollie Johnston.
He went to high school at Newman College, Perth.
He went to Ireland, England and Europe.
He went to the Boston Latin School.
He went to warmer countries to try to get better.
He went west during the Gold Rush.
“He who represents himself has a fool for a client,”
Hewitt is also a law professor at Chapman University School of Law.
He won 24 tournament championships during his career.
He won 4 national titles and 7 locals titles with the canallas.
He won a Mayor’s Award for Excellence in Literary Arts.
He won an Academy Award for Best Picture in 1989 for his work in Driving Miss Daisy.
He won a silver medal in 1952.
He won bronze medals at the 1952 world and 1953 European allround championships.
He won gold medals in the men's 400 metre race in a Paralympic record time of 46.68 seconds and in the 4 × 100 metres relay in a world record time of 41.78 seconds.
He won his first stage here and finished seventh overall.
He won matches against all the top players of the 1840s.
He won several prep honors, including being selected as Florida's Mr. Basketball.
He won that seat again in the 1985 elections.
He won the 1962 Vuelta a España and the world championship in 1966.
He won the 2016 World Blitz Chess Championship.
He won the 2019 election.
He won the European Film Award for Best Actor and was nominated for a London Critics Circle Film Awards for Best Actor and a Toronto Film Critics Association Awards for Best Actor.
He won the first theatrical contest held at Athens, so he was the leader of the dithyrambs performed in and around Attica.
He won the Golden Boot Award in 1985.
He won the individual gold medal five times.
He won the Junior Monaco Kart Cup in 2000, and won World Cup Formula A in 2002.
He won the Mao Dun Literature Prize in 1997.
He won the Michigan State Billiard Championship four times.
He won the Nandi Special Jury Award for his role. citation In next years, he acted in movies like Bunny (2005), Happy (2006) and Desamuduru (2007).
He won the Silver Ball award twice, once with each team.
He won the Silver Medal in skeet at the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games. citation He was Cyprus coach 2002–2008 and later a private coach.
He won the trophy for the 14th edition of the Gala les Oliviers in 2012.
He won the Vuelta a Murcia and also won the Critérium du Dauphiné, the Route du Sud and the Giro dell'Emilia.
He won three world championships and was Olympic gold medalist twice, in 2008 and 2012.
He won two silver medals in these events at the 1955 European Championships.
He won two world titles in the superheavyweight class (+125 kg) at the World Masters Powerlifting Championships in 1983 and 1986, both times competing in the 40–49 age group.
He wore a white atef crown with feathers on the side, and held a crook and flail; tools of a pharaoh.
He worked as a night custodian at Mercy Hospital.
He worked as Director of Plans and Policy for the United States Readiness Command at MacDill Air Force Base.
He worked as general music director of opera houses such as Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden and the Royal Swedish Opera.
He worked at the Academy of Natural Sciences for two years, and became a member.
He worked at the job from 1981 to 1986.
He worked at the University of Caen.
He worked at the University of Helsinki, Aalto University School of Science and Aalto University School of Art, Design and Architecture.
He worked at the Villa Medici in Rome until 1965.
He worked continuously for more than twenty years on a large-scale decorative series, attempting to capture every observation, impression, and reflection of the flowers and water.
He worked for 60 years.
He worked for Scunthorpe United as a main coach for four years.
He worked for the American billionaire Henry van Statten.
He worked in international affairs.
He worked in theater and movies.
He worked in the design and implementation of APL.
He worked in the free jazz genre.
He worked on graft rejection and the discovery of acquired immune tolerance.
He worked on the movies Two Bagatelles (1953), Seven Surprizes (1963), Christmas Cracker (1963) and Canon (1964).
He worked under Nemesio Oseguera Cervantes (alias "El Mencho"), the alleged top leader of the CJNG.
He worked very hard, and was often exhausted, but he managed to finish his First Symphony, which was performed in 1868.
He worked with animated film for many years.
He worked with CBS Sports before.
He worked with the Argentine government as a Technical Advisor on the Tierra del Fuego Malvinas Question Provincial Observatory Advisory Council.
He worked with the duo Perrey and Kingsley.
He works as a senior crime reporter in Toofan Express.
He works for Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura.
He works include eleven Walkley Awards.
He works in “The New literary newspaper” in Moscow; later he works as an editor in the Russian Agency "Interteleks", which is easily guessed "Interfax".
He would get sick again, but was cured by Layne in the same way and later he was cured perfectly.
He would then stay here until his professional debut at the age of 21 where he was included in the first team due to a severe injury on a first team player.
He wrestled professionally for 36 years between 1965 and 2001.
He wrote a book La música en Cuba in the music of Cuba.
He wrote about many music styles; of hardrock to singer-songwriters.
He wrote about the shortness of life, and he wrote about favours, mercy, friendship, and the need to help other people.
He wrote Alongside Night (published 1979) and The Rainbow Cadenza (published 1983).
He wrote a lot of work for children.
He wrote and published his first book of poetry at the young age of fifteen years, when he was still at school.
He wrote a poem about how sick he was.
He wrote a very large oratorio called Les Béatitudes.
He wrote a Violin Sonata (1886) and a Symphony (1888), which are probably his two most famous compositions now.
He wrote a weekly column in Valeurs actuelles.
He wrote a work for solo piano and orchestra called Noches en los jardines de España (Nights in the gardens of Spain).
He wrote a zarzuela (light opera) called Maria del Carmen.
He wrote books in Esperanto.
He wrote cadenzas for the first and third movements.
He wrote: "Dreaming of You would have been a stronger album if she had lived, but it still stands as a powerful – and touching – testament to her talents."
He wrote in many styles and his work has been recorded by musicians from all over the world in many styles.
He wrote many plays from 1728 until 1737.
He wrote many songs for this bands.
He wrote more than 140 works.
He wrote music for movies.
He wrote over seventy works for the stage.
He wrote several works including lang and lang.
He wrote that it was "the success story of 1994/1995."
He wrote the first episodes of the animated series Galaxy High (1986) and later made his directorial debut with the teen comedy Adventures in Babysitting (1987) and Heartbreak Hotel (1988).
He wrote the first World Wide Web server, "httpd", and the first client, "WorldWideWeb" a what-you-see-is-what-you-get hypertext browser/editor which ran in the NeXTStep environment.
He wrote the scripts for Komsomolskaya Pravda and the TV series Vremya.
He wrote two series called Skylark and Lensman.
He wrote under the pen name "Neeraj".
Heyer's parents separated when she was five months old.
Heyser lecture at Audio Engineering Society.
Hf-W chronometry of lunar metals and the age and early differentiation of the Moon.
Hi-5 have recently released an album called Boom Boom beat!
Hickok was involved in several notable shootouts.
Hicks had a recurring role in the second season of Jonas L.A. as DZ.
Hick's law may support some computing menu design decisions.
Hidden from the road by the power station, the mill's existence was largely forgotten by the general public until the power station was removed in 1970.
Hideto Kishida and Shozo Uchida were two of his teachers.
Hiding one's actions from another is a form of deception.
Higgins decides to do an experiment with her.
High amounts of black eumelanin result in black hair, while low concentrations give gray hair.
Higher divorce rates meant more female-supported households.
Higher pressure results in a higher boiling point.
Highly modified tube feet around the mouth are always present.
High peaks in the forest include Mount Buangor (1,090 metres), Mount Cole (899 metres) and Ben Nevis (877 metres).
High rates of childhood mortality saw only 33-50% of the population reaching the age of 16.
High Realism in Canada Toronto, Vancouver, Clarke, Irwin & Company Limited, 1974.
High relief makes deeper images than bas-relief.
High-resolution phylogenetic analysis of southeastern Europe traces major episodes of paternal gene flow among Slavic populations.
Hilda Rix Nicholas, Australian artist (d.
Hill 60 was a man-made hill created in the 1860s from what was dug out from a nearby railway line.
Hiller, the author of “Two Trojan Wars?
Hillery called the Irish Army's Chief of Staff the following day and as Commander-in-Chief of the Army had ordered the Chief of Staff to make sure that no politician ever interfered with the career of the young army officer.
Hill nearly won the Hungarian Grand Prix but a component failure meant that Hill had slowed down and fell to second place, where Hill would finish.
Hilo has many historic buildings, interesting shops, parks, many performances, festivals and events.
Hilton attended school in New Mexico.
Himiko reigned as queen during the 3rd century.
Hinche is on the southern limit of the Plateau Central, a long valley between the Massif du Nord, to the north, and the Montagne Noire, to the south.
Hinduism, and after centuries Buddhism became the main source of colonization.
Hinduism is still practised by a small Cham minority who live mainly in central Vietnam.
Hindus of north India especially worship her.
Hindustan Times, 2009 She became popular at once and went on getting success.
Hints to this have been made in both of their movies.
Hippies also joined the Legion of Net.
Hiragana works in the same way, but the symbols are mostly different.
Hirschfeld put a homosexual man in one of four groups.
His 1895 testament gave money for the Prizes.
His 1927 textbook, Modern Ballroom Dancing, was an immediate bestseller and has remained in print through many editions, the last issued in 2005.
His 1977 poetry collection Rajapatha won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award.
His abilities are usually the same as Mario's, but in some games Luigi can jump higher.
His ability to speak languages was very important in his job.
His achievements include winning four NSL titles and the 2000 NSL Grand Final.
His acting career began in 2003.
His adventure begins when one day Professor Oak calls Red and Green to his laboratory to receive his initial Pokémon.
His aggressive running style has earned him the name "Beast Mode".
His aim was "to bring architecture, design and sculpture together within a single practice".
His album became a million seller.
His armor cannot contain his form and shatters, leaving him with a new, white natural armor covering his chest and shoulders.
Hisashi Ouchi, aged 35, died 12 weeks after the accident.
His back-to-back major title wins of the Russian Championship followed by the World Cup has Svidler once again into the world’s top ten.
His beams can knock down large objects, but do not produce heat like a laser.
His best finish of his first year was at the Mansfield Motorsports Speedway where he finished 16th.
His best known book was Power and Destiny.
His best known movie role was in El secreto de la ouija (1986).
His best known novel was Tabula Rasa (2010).
His best known roles were The Alive and the Dead (1964), melodrama Three Poplars in Plyushcikha (1967), Shine, Shine, My Star (1969), comedies Aybolit-66 (1966), and Beware of the Car (1966).
His best known singles were "El mambo de la chocolata", "Los Tatines", and "El relojito".
His biggest hits include "On and On", "It Might Be You" and "Save It for a Rainy Day".
His birth name is Yan Ming, but he changed his name to Guan You because of a fortune-teller to be luckier.
His "Blue-backed Speller" books taught five generations of American children how to spell and read.
His books Flora Diabolica and Flora Magica are still classic books in their field.
His books have been translated into many languages.
His book The High Frontier won an award and got people excited about outer space.
His breakout role was in 2002's Barbershop, in which he played a reformed street criminal named Ricky Nash.
His brother, Bob Bennett, is also a rugby league player and coach.
His brother Darry Curtis saves him.
His brother is Seishi Kishimoto.
His brother Jason Halman was held by police after the incident.
His brother, John Hunter, was the first to advertise embalming to regular people who wanted to see their loved ones' bodies preserved after death.
His career as an educator started in 1969 as assistant and then lecturer at the music department of Université de Vincennes Paris 8, later also teaching stage design and scenography at Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Arts Décoratifs from 1974 to 1988.
His career as a professional actor started at the age of 79.
His career began as a health and fitness specialist.
His career began in 1943.
His career began in 1947. citation He is married to actress Leslie Denniston.
His career began in 1951.
His career began in 1971.
His career began in 1981.
His career began in the 1960s.
His career has spanned over seventy-five years — from his first published work, the 1937 poem "Elegy to a Dead Satellite: Luna", through the 2011 novel All the Lives He Led and articles and essays published in 2012.
His career highlights included a fourth place at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1950, a second place at the Holmenkollen Ski Festival in 1952, and a 20th place at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1954.
His career lasted from 1950 to 1973.
His career lasted from 1952 to 1965.
His career lasted from 1957 to 1975.
His career lasted from 1962 to 1976.
His career lasted three decades.
His cause of death was of a long-illness.
His coach, Osborne Colson, made him spend 30 minutes a day on basic stroking, edge work, cross-cutting and balance drills.
His cohost is named Bernie, and is a hall of famer.
His columns focused on political satire and commentary.
His company makes mangalore tiles.
His concerts have been broadcast on radio and television in the USA, Europe, Asia and other countries.
His conservative opponents became angry with him.
His contract at Newcastle now ended in 2012.
His contract ended on June 30, 2019.
His contract was renewed, however.
His cotton mill looked a lot like the British mill.
His dad was the Yarlung king Namri Songtsen.
His dance classes, four hours long, were famous for being the toughest training there was at that time.
His debut studio album, Rodeo (2015), was led by the hit single "Antidote".
His debut studio album The Autobiography was released in July 2017.
His debut was on 24 May 2008 in a friendly match against Moldova in Rijeka, coming forbstitute for Niko Kovač in the 59th minute.
His degree was in economics.
His distinct voice and his catchphrase "My precious" are well-known for fantasy fans and Gollum is seen as one of the best computer animated characters in a live-action movie.
His duties are listed in the Russian Constitution.
His early childhood years were spent in his village.
His early life is a mystery.
His editorials for the paper were often political, and dismissed most political parties as wrong in one way or another.
His efforts did not succeed, but he was still respected for them.
His enemy is usually a dastardly villain.
His energetic attitude towards his music and his performance style, made him very popular—and controversial.
His evil influence darkened the woods, although it lessened towards the north; after this the forest became known as Mirkwood.
His experience at Catch a Rising Star in New York City served as a bitter confirmation of where ventriloquists stood in the comedic food chain, as the emcee at that club gave Dunham little respect.
His experience of death and destruction is a central theme in at least six of his other books.
His exploits were legendary.
His fame comes from his strong support of the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882.
His family lived in a small area in G block, a two-story residence for 40 families.
His family moved back to Senegal shortly after Diouf's birth.
His family still awaits approval to bury his body outside the garrison where was executed.
His family was poor.
His family was very religious and, when young, he joined the military religious Order of Alcantara where, in 1478, he was named Comendador de Lares (Commander of Lares), a very important position in the Order.
His fastest delivery was convert.
His fate was changed in 757 when Empress Kōken named him as her heir (crown prince).
His father died when he was at the age of thirteen.
His father, found that Floyd had been going out at night and often followed him at a distance to make sure he was not getting into trouble.
His father gave him an alto saxophone for Christmas one year.
His father Hasan Khan Sur was a jagirdar under Bahar Khan Lohani, a noble who served under the ruler of Delhi.
His father Hugh, died at 59 when Alexander was only seven.
His father is Italian and His mother is Irish.
His father is of Swedish and Irish descent and his mother is of English, French-Canadian, Irish and Scottish descent.
His father is the king of the cosmos.
His father, Judah B. Kalonymus, was one of the leading scholars of his generation.
His father Mykhaylo Ivasyuk was a well-known writer from Bukovyna.
His father owned very few lands and worked as a tailor in Macau, and as a journeyman and a porter.
His father published a few songs he had written.
His father was an economist and businessman, and grew up in a large house in the hills outside the city.
His father was an innkeeper.
His father was called Luizi Obol.
His father was Fritz Von Erich, a wrestling promoter and professional wrestler.
His father was killed in the first War Games, and Jack wants to be stronger than him and then grow a beanstalk that will grow above the clouds.
His father was Pokla Chellum Narayanguru belongs to Kapu Community.
His father was Thomas Butler, Viscount Thurles.
His feast day is celebrated on October 14.
His feud came to a head on June 4, 2004.
His final appointment as bishop was on May 22, 1975 to the Archdiocese of Manizales, from which he retired on October 15, 1996.
His final job was as Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps and Chief of Staff.
His first acting role in a film was Count Axel Fersen in the Sofia Coppola film Marie Antoinette (2006).
His first album was recorded in 1981.
His first album with Wells, Together, became Marvin's first charted album, and yielded two popular hits, while his single with Weston, the Sylvia Moy-penned "It Takes Two", hit the top twenty on both sides of the Atlantic.
His first appearance on television was on December 29, 2011 during the SBS's Gayo Daejun.
His first attempt to pass emancipation legislation failed in 1777 and failed again in 1785, but he succeeded in 1799, signing the law that eventually emancipated the slaves of New York; the last were freed before his death.
His first band was called 3.0.
His first book Square Foot Gardening was the largest selling gardening book in American history.
His first Champ Car victory came at Brands Hatch.
His first lethwei fight was at a traditional festival.
His first marriage, to Plautia Urgulanilla, occurred after two failed betrothals.
His first match was in 2006 against Croatia.
His first movie roles was in the 1988 German drama movie The Passenger – Welcome to Germany.
His first novel, a thriller, was published in 1948, and has been translated into ten languages.
His first novel, Our House in the Last World, was published in 1983 and received the 1985 Rome Prize, awarded by the American Academy in Rome.
His first painting was about the problem of petrol sniffing.
His first public wrestling match was at age 10. He started wrestling professionally on February 22, 2002 at age 16 and has been continuing since then.
His first race was the 1998 Vigo half marathon.
His first son, Rodrigo García, was born in 1959, one year after Márquez and Barcha were married.
His first team appearances were limited thereafter, but he remained a signed player and his final club match was in September 1980.
His first tour in the United States took place in 1955, when he was 29. For his recitals there he was accompanied by Gerald Moore.
His first wife was Ellen Drexel.
His first work, the Bauernspiegel, appeared in 1837.
His former role slips into the film via his right arm, with its black-gloved hand.
His forms are usually abstractions of the human figure, typically mother-and-child or reclining figures.
His Four last songs (with orchestra) seem to be saying “goodbye” to a great period of music history.
His friend Mr. Knight offered him the living at the newly built church and vicarage in the village.
His full, formal name is Shuja ul-Mulk, Hashim ud-Daula, Nawab Ja'afar 'Ali Khan Bahadur, Mahabat Jang''.
His full name was Abū ʿAbd Allāh Muḥammad ibn Jābir ibn Sinān al-Raqqī al-Ḥarrānī al-Ṣābiʾ al-Battānī.
His funeral was held at the Church of the Holy Trinity.
His funeral was held down in district of Dicle, Diyarbakır.
His ghost was also moving around the house.
His government brought in social programs and new standards for workers.
His government passed a number of laws to improve the life and working conditions of ordinary people.
His Grave is in Darkot, a village of Kohota Tehsil of District Rawalpindi.
His Greek name is Ares.
His had an effect on almost all of the animated cartoon series by various studios in the 1940s.
His hatred for Percy only intensifies when Percy defeats him in a duel in The Lightning Thief.
His height and manner lent itself to authority figures, and "evil villain" roles.
His highest ATP singles ranking was 292. After his retirement from professional tennis at age 22, he was a coach of under 16 player Alexey Zakharov.
" His highest one day total was a record $75,000, which was later broken by Roger Craig in 2010.
His innovations with the orchestra staff were to abolish deputies (allegedly in 1904 when, at one rehearsal, none of the regular orchestra, and only deputies attended).
His international following has continued after his death.
His killer, 22-year-old Mevlüt Mert Altıntaş, was killed by security forces.
His Kodak company still runs today, but more focused on printers and printing.
His large army was deep in the Pyrenees in a long column on August 15, 778. His rearguard was commanded by Roland, one of Charlemagne's most trusted leaders.
His larger paintings sell for at least AU$6000 in Alice Springs and AU$9500 in galleries in Melbourne and Sydney.
His last major success as a co-writer was with 1993's Cliffhanger.
His last name was Berryman.
His last words are "Thank you.
His later books were published by tradition publishing houses.
His leadership was saved by his brother Opchanacanough.
His left arm was also shorter because of an accident.
His madrigals are his most important works.
His main job was as an expert on military fortifications.
His main reason was to help children learn to read and write.
His main work is Controversiae.
His main work was about the evolution of signals, particularly those signals that are indicative of fitness, and their selection for "honesty".
His managing career lasted from 1978 to 2001.
His mix of French and Oriental ideas, creates a new and unique design based on the beauty of nature and sophisticated visual characteristic.
His modesty meant he felt no need to say "discovered by me" or "named after me".
His most famous book is Guns, Germs, and Steel.
His most famous book is The Discovery of Heaven.
His most famous operas from this period are Tancredi, La Gazza Ladra (The Thieving Magpie) and Il barbiere di Siviglia (The Barber of Seville) which has often been called the greatest of all comic operas.
His most precious works have within them representations of blue fabrics, named as Blue Pittoni.
His most recent show was "Gary Austin in Word And Song".
His mother also came from a rich family.
His mother is nurse and currently works as a volunteer in charitable works spiritists Maria Dolores, in Salvador, Bahia capital.
His mother Labotsibeni who had been very influential during his reign continued as queen regent until Sobhuza was crowned in 1921.
His mother was 30 years younger than her husband.
His mother was composer Ruth Schönthal (1924 2006).
His mother was his first piano teacher.
His movie appearances include Prospero's Books (1991), Angels and Insects (1995), Institute Benjamenta (1996), and Intimacy (2001).
His movies include Eagle vs Shark (2007), Boy (2010), What We Do in the Shadows (2014) and Hunt for the Wilderpeople (2016).
His musical career started in 1977.
His music is still very popular today, and some of his short anthems are not too difficult for the average church choir to sing.
His music still sounded very Czech.
His music was especially well known in Europe, and in Paris where the Ballets Russes were based.
His name appears in Aldfrith's genealogy.
His name as a player is simply Alan.
His name is Ashley Wilkes.
His name is increasingly known after the singing of the song "Dalan Liyane".
His name is listed as one of the 24 capital burgesses on the Great Charter granted to the Borough by James I in 1604.
His name is spelt in various ways: “Binchoys”, “Binch” or “Binche” or “Gilles de Bins”.
His name suggests "Heard of God" (1 Samuel 1:20), because his mother's prayer to have a child was heard by God and answered.
His narratives did not focus on individual characters.
His Native American scouts killed and mutilated four elderly and weak Kiowas.
His networth is estimated at $11, 812, 500.
His next endeavor, Enquiries into the course of nature in the development of the human race, was not so popular.
His next film was Aaru, with Suriya in 2005.
His next team was Hansa Rostock, where he signed a two-years contract but went in 2010 to FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.
His next two movies, La Salamandre (1971) and Jonah Who Will Be 25 in the Year 2000 (1976) were well received.
His next wife's household is called the "Right hand house" (ukunene).
His nickname among friends was "Chegi Vara".
His nicknames were Joltin' Joe and The Yankee Clipper.
His notable roles were in My Genie as Zhang Tai Ping, The Champion as Lu Kai Wei, C.I.D as Tang Si Wei and The Peak as Chen Tian Jun.
His odd last will and testament on the hotel stationery was entered as evidence in support of his mistress and the case was well-publicized.
His office was very successful and he earned a small fortune in a few years.
His older brother is Ace.
His older brother supported Suizei because of his courage.
His opera Démophon was performed at the Grand Opéra in 1788.
His operas in Vienna had much success.
His opponent was George Mahoney, who ran on a racist and pro segregationist platform.
His opportunity to play decreased in 1998.
His original idea in writing Fahrenheit 451 was to show his great love for books and libraries.
His other name was Jungshim.
His owner, Emily Elizabeth, loves him very much and takes excellent care of him.
His paintings are noted for their tonal subtlety in depicting apparently simple subjects, which were limited mainly to vases, bottles, bowls, flowers and landscapes.
Hispania parted company with Dallara in May 2010.
His parents are Humperdink and Elvira "Grandma" Duck.
His parents are professional musicians and he hit an electronic drum when he was young.
His parents had a strained marriage the Duke was famous for his many extramarital affairs and his wife just quietly accepted his infidelity.
His parents had been born and raised there.
His parents soon replaced their dining room table with a 4' by 8' pool table.
His parents were businessman William du Pont, Jr. and to Jean Liseter Autin.
His parents were called James Edward Ellington and Daisy Kennedy Ellington.
His parents were Gerson Mauss and Rosine (Durkheim) Mauss.
HIs parents were John Adams Drake 1802 Nashville Co., NC - 1880 Drakesville, Davis, IA and Harriet Jane O'Neal.
His parents were Mr Au and Mrs Ngern Tareesawat.
His parents were Mr Jam and Mrs Jua Chamanan.
His parents were Mr Kheet and Mrs Sam-ang Kheettasangka.
His parents were Mr Saeng and Mrs ookchan Panomyong.
His parents, who were deported from Germany.
His past experience made him ready to work more with sound and electricity.
His pavane "Lachrymae antiquae" was also one of the big hits of the seventeenth century.
His pension was resumed 3 years after that, but all that money was used up for paying old debts.
His personality should be returned to the common Slovenian consciousness of heroes that have been praised and elevated to the first plane as the only models.
His personal life is also widely reported.
His personal net worth is estimated at nearly $400 million.
His personal performance was also splendid in the low scoring series as he captained the side very aggressively throughout the series.
His personal quote is "I was born and raised in Georgia and fought in Vietnam.
His piano piece Vexations (1893) is a short piece with strange, chromatic chords, which the pianist is then supposed to play 840 times.
His pictures were published and sold for money.
His poems were admired but it was his next collection, four years later in 1826 (Odes et Ballades) which revealed Hugo to be a great poet.
His poetry focuses on religious themes.
His popularity has given rise to a number of imitation "shock jocks" who attempt to outdo Stern in terms of offensiveness and rudeness.
His popularity was at its greatest peak within this decade and gained him much public and media attention.
His powers consist of shape-shifting and also some sorcery.
His principal fame and influence, however, rests on his 'system' of actor training, preparation, and rehearsal technique.
His Quirk, "Animal Voice", allows him to communicate with animals, but unfortunately has an intense fear of insects.
His real name is Venkatanatha.
His real name is Yi Chan (hangul:이찬, hanja:李禶).
His real name is Yi Haeng(이행), and his chinese name is Sungkyung(성경).
His reign was marked by a long period of peace and tranquility.
His relatives were railroad workers.
His remains are buried at Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx, New York.
His research career spanned more than 60 years.
His research interests included end-to-end network protocols, especially in the transport and internetwork layers.
His resignation from parliament caused a by-election for Mayo in 2008.
His rival Athanaric becomes king of the entire Gothic nation.
His second son, Gonzalo, was born in 1962 in Mexico.
His second studio album Sell Your Dope was released on September 12, 2000.
His secret identity is Oliver Jonas Queen and his friends call him Ollie.
His singing career was 60 years long, and more than 250 million records of his have been sold worldwide.
His single Alone Again from the Funny Farm album achieved rotation on the national music network Much Music.
His sister Pearl was featured in it.
His sister was also an actress, billed as Lani O'Grady.
His solo albums include Rockin' the Suburbs, Songs for Silverman and Way to Normal.
His son (1685–1747) was also named Duncan Forbes.
His son Cwichelm sent someone to try to kill King Edwin of Northumbria.
His song "dil da maamla hai" was a national success in 1980.
His song named "O Maguva Nee Sneham Kosam" from his movie "Satyam" was thought to be his best known work.
His songs are about religion, death, love and violence.
His songs are "Read All About It" (feat.
His son Hans Stosch-Sarrasani jun. followed him as director.
His son Henry Ward Beecher said that his father was "largely engaged during his life-time in controversy" (meaning that he was a controversial person).
His son, Zheng Jing, took control as the ruler of Taiwan, with the name of Prince of Yanping.
His specialty was playing a gentleman drunk, who elegantly fell about the stage while trying to hide his condition.
His sports experience let him expand internationally.
His staging of Eugene Onegin premiered in the Taganka on his 85th birthday to much critical acclaim.
His Stand "Gold Experience" can turn objects into plants and animals, later evolving to "Gold Experience Requiem" with the ability to nullify any desired action.
His stand is called Burning Down the House.
His story collection In Persuasion Nation was a finalist for the Story Prize in 2007.
His study required him to collect and catalog all Hasidic community phone books.
His successor (person who followed) as Minister President was Fritz Steinhoff.
His successor Thimo was imprisoned for five years, and suffered a horrible death in 1102.
His support grew across the United States.
His teacher said that he was the laziest pupil in the Conservatoire.
His team finished in second place.
His team finished third in the Team BC1-2 game.
His technique combined the movement of his body, over which he had control, the viscous flow of paint, the force of gravity, and the absorption of paint into the canvas.
His The Schools We Need: And Why We Don't Have Them (1996) was hated by the liberal left.
His third child was born in 2011.
Historian Balkrishna Pokhrel contends that Khas were not the Vedic Aryans but Aryans of latter period like the Gurjara, Darada, Shaka, Pallava and Pisacha.
Historian Frank Dikotter, having been granted special access to Chinese archival materials, estimates that there were at least 45 million premature deaths from 1958 to 1962, although far from all these deaths came about as a result of starvation.
Historians also suggest that the Scandinavian population was too large for the peninsula and there were not enough crops to feed everyone.
Historical archaeology deals with places, things, and issues from the past or present at or related to sites with written records or oral traditions.
Historical book Yaduvanshprakash says that Jambuda village is older than 400 years.
Historical data can be found here.
Historical footnote: Many websites of the Outer Hebrides derive content from the Eolas Virtual Hebrides, website.
Historically, Latin or a Romance language has been official.
Historically the village doesn’t have any form of public transport.
History of all recorded tropical cyclones, all hurricanes, and major hurricanes to happen in the North Atlantic.
History of mathematics, volume 1. New York: Dover, p106.
History of the Balkans, 2 vols.
His trademark accessory is his Stetson hat which is commonly mistaken for an Akubra.
His trademark was: Santa Maria! on a walk off hit, a great play, a no hitter, or a perfect game.
His travelogue From Lika was published in Kušlan's magazine Slavenski Jug on 22 October 1848.
His trial began in May 2000 in a special court in the Netherlands.
His trial began on March 27, 2008.
His utterance that "all things come to be in accordance with this logos," (literally, "word," "reason," or "account") has been the subject of many interpretations.
His visions are almost always about Hazel, such as saving him from the snared warren and dying from a gunshot wound.
His water-related abilities tend to be stronger in sea water than in fresh water.
His widow, Jane (née Ralston) survived him by 32 years.
His widow Jane was said to have told visitors, "They say he could not paint flesh.
His wife, Anna Yung Hiu-yan, died in 2013.
His wife Aruna died on March 29, 2011.
His wife died before him.
His wife died, leaving him with their three small children.
His wife disapproves of his activities as a football hooligan.
His wife is Chi-Chi, and his two sons are Gohan and Goten.
His wife, Laura, is not faithful.
His wife was at their seaside home and she died.
His wife was by his side when he died.
His wish came true.
His words, spoken under Fichte's portrait, the final words of which merged into “Deutschland, Deutschland über alles”, made it an unforgettably solemn hour.
His work found numerous signalling molecules of the innate immune response, Hoebe K. et al.
His work included the wicked Stepmother (in Cinderella), the Queen of Hearts (in Alice In Wonderland), and Captain Hook (in Peter Pan).
His work is identified by its stylistic traits.
His works can be found in many churches and museums including Lazar galley, House-Museum of Aram Khachaturian.
His world changes when Bill and Barbie Reynolds move in next door.
Hitler believed the Americans were not able to fight well.
Hitler did not like the Austrian army, so he left Austria for Germany.
Hitler opted for the latter and skipped all further medal presentations.
Hitoshi's first job, when he mentioned the name of a senior in his hometown to the president of Pacific Sake and worked in the general affairs department, was to acquire the president of Toyama Shoji, a major shareholder.
Hit songs include Ella’s first self-composed song “Reluctant to Part (依依)”, which is produced by hitmaker Chiu Tsang Hei with lyrics penned by Siu Hak.
Hobbs was reluctant to accept and only did so when convinced that it was an honour to all professional cricketers, not just himself.
Ho-chan and Daisuke, who were left behind in the sentai adventure world, have been seen again a number of times for their own small story.
Hoehling and Woolridge report that up to eight Japanese aircraft may have lined up to land on the U.S. carriers after sunset, but Lundstrom and Cressman explain that the number of aircraft was probably fewer than that.
Hoekstra is a member of the Reformed Church in America.
Hoff went to Williams College and Connecticut College and graduated cum laude in 1948.
Hogarth's portrait of his friend, the philanthropic Captain Coram (1740; Thomas Coram Foundation for Children, now Foundling Museum), and his unfinished oil sketch of The Shrimp Girl (
Hokanson would later leave the band.
Holby City is shown once a week, all year round.
Holes and large cracks can form in the rock.
Holes in the ozone layer may also be a problem, because when there are holes in the ozone it means that more sun rays hit the ground, and so there is less snow.
Hollerith is known as the father of modern machine data processing.
Holloway was scheduled to fly home later on May 30, but failed to appear for her flight.
Holloway, who had been scheduled to fly home later on May 30, did not appear for her return flight.
Holly lands safely and the two of them come back together.
Holmes plays the violin and smokes a pipe.
Holocaust deniers say that far fewer Jews actually died.
Holt became disappointed with the United States school system after several years of working in it.
Homer apologizes to Nelson and lets Ned take him as a mentor.
Homer goes back and is part of the ritual again.
Homer: It'll be great to see the old gang again.
Homer says to Marge that flying airplanes is not safe for him.
Homer, who is mad, writes a rude reply, but Marge tells him at the last minute not to send it, although Bart mails it anyway.
Homer wrote these stories based on the oral tradition of storytelling.
Hominins on Flores, Indonesia, by one million years ago.
HOMO and LUMO are sometimes referred to as frontier orbitals.
Homo Novus, featuring modern instrumental music.
Hondera Farm Village has been named an Important Cultural Landscape.
Hong Kong and Macau are Special Autonomous Regions of the People's Republic of China, so the Scout associations there are still allowed to exist.
Hong's friend Yang Xiuqing used to sell firewood.
Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press.
Hood County was founded (set up) in 1866.
;Hoodsie: A small cup of ice cream, the kind that comes with a flat wooden spoon (from HP Hood, the dairy that sells them.) citation Also (very offensive slang), a teenage girl.
Hopkins was selected in June 2009 as a member of the NASA Astronaut Group 20. He made his first spaceflight as a Flight Engineer on Soyuz TMA-10M/Expedition 37/Expedition 38, from September 2013 until March 2014.
Horace arrives to meet his date.
Horioka showed a positive correlation between long-term savings and investment rates across countries.
Hornberger requested that the Libertarian Party of Virginia assist his campaign in collecting ballot access signatures, but the party denied since Hornberger had not been formally nominated as the party's candidate yet.
Horror Epics was released on April 15th 1985.
Horses can accidentally step on a person who has fallen to the ground.
Horsetails grew up to 30 metres.
Höss experimented with different poison gases.
Hosted by Robert Krulwich, the video is about the world's fastest glacier and why it is moving too fast.
Hostilities continued until 1914 when Philippines was promised future independence.
Hostilities over the following week kill 133 Palestinians and 5 Israelis.
Hot R&B Songs chart at the same time, with "Can't Feel My Face", "Earned It", and "The Hills".
Houellebecq published his first novel, Whatever, in 1994.
Houghton Mifflin Books for Children.
Houphouët-Boigny quickly became his best ally in December 1965.
House Elves have their own kind of magic, which is very strong.
House-painters use paint already mixed in large cans.
Housing, shopping parks and business centres have been built where the shipbuilding yards were.
Houston: Gulf Publishing Company.
Houston, Texas: The Geological Society of America.
Howard Curtis (London: Constable & Robinson Ltd., 2008), p. 132 His influence and wealth meant he could mount a large campaign.
Howard made his MLB debut in 2004.
Ho was also the founder and chairman of Shun Tak Holdings, through which he owned many businesses including entertainment, tourism, shipping, real estate, banking, and air transport.
How children learn.
How comes it to be furnished?
How Did They Do That?
How do legal guardians get chosen?
However, Adams was fair and thought every person should be treated fairly.
However, after their death the last monarch Yuri II again had to claim himself as the Golden Horde vassal.
However, after World War II the area was developed as a ski resort, and became a major skiing destination.
However, a jet engine has no propeller – it pushes the aircraft by moving hot air behind it.
However, Alan appealed to Archbishop Robert of Rouen (they were both his nephews).
However, all in all, it is not extremely distinguishable from the rest of its surroundings.
However, almost any other cancer can spread to the bone.
However, along with calcium-46, it is theoretically unstable but with a half-life so long it has never been observed to decay.
However, a minority, about 19,000 Loyalists, armed and supplied by the British, fought in the conflict.
However, an amendment to an amendment of an amendment is often not allowed.
However, anvil salesman Charlie Cowell shows up and exposes him during the summer sociable.
However, a person in the same situation, on a life support machine, could not ask a doctor to give them medications to cause their death instead.
However, arrangements of pieces that could never occur in a game, their recall was no better than nonexperts.
However, as a practical term, adaptation is often used for the product: those features of a species which result from the process.
However, a single tauon decays differently than a tauon and an antitauon.
However, as the pilots began to raise the nose of the plane, the number one engine, located on the left wing, broke off from the plane.
However, at the time of Huxley's book, several of these had yet to make their distinctive contribution.
However bad conditions meant that Gaston weakened and died soon after.
However, because he was injured in the second match against Uruguay, he could not play in later matches.
However, because of his many relatives and generous contributions to the community, the town was incorporated as "The Village of Sartell" in honor of Joseph B. Sartell.
However, because of the many American land-based airplanes on Hawaii, he thought that it was too risky to attack directly.
However, because they had survived such a difficult trial together the survivors were very dedicated and created a more cohesive group.
However, being in prison causes her to rethink her sexual orientation and her identity in general.
However, Belloq comes back, raises the Ark, and throws Ravenwood in there.
However, Benoit also countered it and held Triple H with Crossface hold that would force Triple H to submit.
However, between 1 March and 31 August 2011, less than 1% of the people left the city.
However, Boeing took the 747 to the 28th Paris Air Show in mid-1969.
However, "Born to be Wild" and "Boogie Oogie Oogie" fade out in a matter of seconds, whereas "Hey Jude" takes over 2 minutes to completely fade out.
However, both the English bishops and the King wanted someone else to have this powerful office.
However, Brown did not make it illegal to segregate in any other places, aside from schools.
However, 'build up' storms are impressive and with many lightning strikes.
However, by 1000 BC, many of the pyramids had been robbed of their precious treasures.
However, by 5:00 PM GMT, according to Egypt Today, the ship had moved by 30 meters (100 feet) towards the north.
However, by banding together, they were able to persuade the studio to more than double their salaries.
However, by November that year, money had not been raised to improve the track and the hosting of the Grand Prix remained in doubt.
However, carrying around a lot of precious metal was cumbersome and often dangerous.
However, certain styles not desiring to compete claim that the rules with which people developed these competitions ruin the art and does not represent what can happen in a real situation.
However, Chicago makes up over half of the state´s population, and Cook County (in which Chicago is located) gave Trump just 21% of the vote there.
However, Claggart wants to be evil to Billy.
However, deciding to make her children Herman Mellema's children causes terrible problems for them.
However, Disney Channel took it and began airing in September 2001.
However during the latest election, all 125 members were elected from single-member constituencies.
However, eventually she asks Sang-hyun to kill her husband, Kang-woo.
However, executing a person by lethal injection would only cost $10 to $15 per person.
However, Frank Bello returned to the band as well as Joey Belladonna and Dan Spitz in 2005, when Anthrax announced a reunion tour.
However, from the 1990s onwards, the HFL has been a victim of its own success, with various teams defecting to other leagues.
However, God would not let Moses enter the Promised Land.
However he could hardly play in the match for injury in 2011 and left the club end of 2011 season.
However he could hardly play in the match from 2017.
However, he did not finish his studies, and chose to devote himself to chess entirely.
; however, he did not graduate until 1884.
However, he did not play in the match, because he fractured his hand just before the Olympics.
However, he did not see the splitting into identical halves, the daughter chromatids.
However, he found campaigning, speech making, and legislative maneuvering, to be less appealing than the behind-the-scenes machinations that characterized so much of Boston politics in the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries.
However he has also admitted that he got his own way by "being stubborn, throwing tantrums — the usual fucking childish behaviour."
However, he has been criticized for diving.
However he leaves to fix his farm.
However he lost regular position for injury in June 2006.
However, he ran the family business and it succeeded.
However, he regrets the fact that it was first released as a B-side, admitting he was "young and stupid", when he made that decision.
However, here the author's voice turns on, again turning the content over.
However her father planned for her to go into the show business.
However, her jealous and vengeful nature make her less so.
However, he saved the injured Marines in his unit.
However, he turned away from Korean independence activism in 1915 to become a pro-Japanese activist.
However, his conviction led eventually led him to go against his party in 1846 by repealing the Corn Laws, following this the party split and were not able to win a majority for 28 years.
However, his operas do not belong to any popular tradition and are hardly ever staged now, although they contain much excellent music.
However his opportunity to play decreased from spring 2010.
However his opportunity to play decreased in 2005 and retired end of 2005 season.
However his opportunity to play decreased in 2012 season.
However, his reign as the Sultan of Delhi was short lived as he died in 1210.
However, Howard sacked Johnson because he believed press reports showed Johnson had lied, and not because of the affair itself.
However, humans and other living things have adapted to most of these natural pollutants.
However, ideas of tradition and the honoring of tradition did not differ completely, therefore both religions easily coexisted.
However, if John's friend, Andy, is on the side of the road facing the front of John's car and watches John's car take a sharp right turn, Andy will see the car push John to the right with the car as it changes direction.
However, if the private key is not kept secret, then anyone who sees it can also control and take the bitcoins there.
However, if the soldier does not get help, the symptoms can become severe.
However, Ilmor deceided not to put the slogan "Concept by Mercedes-Benz" on the engines.
However, in 1831 he was able to return to Portugal.
However, in 1880, the following year he left the school to become a painter.
However, in 1964 year, we had a partial answer of that from working of Meyers and Serrin.
However, in 1978 season, the club was relegated to Regional Leagues.
However, in 1983 the Australian government moved to dishonour this agreement, and told the former last ruler, John Clunies-Ross, that he should leave the Cocos.
However, in a lot of other countries it is still considered abnormal.
However, in April 2011, the Fox News Channel said it would stop showing Beck's show later that year.
However, in Asia and in other developing countries the VCD is popular, since a DVD player is also much more expensive than a VCD player.
However, in International Morse three dits make the letter S, and three dahs the letter O, and it soon became common to refer to the distress signal as "SOS."
However, in July 2002, the contract between the magazine and MTR was terminated.
However, in North America, only the XL version was released at launch.
However in other countries and at different times in history, Enma is pictured differently.
However, in some cases they are both the same number.
However, instead of spitting out magma, mud volcanoes spit out gases like methane and carbon dioxide.
However, in the 1990–91 season, the club won the Football League Second Division and were promoted to the First Division for the first time in over 70 years.
However, in the 20th century it was an artifical product.
However, in the northern city of Chiang Mai, it is six days.
However, in the same book, she also voted that he be destroyed.
However, in the summer of 2007, Staviski was involved in a fatal car crash that killed a man and left someone else in a coma. citation citation Staviski survived unharmed.
However, it became part of the system in 1956.
However, it can be eaten all the year round.
However, it does not say exactly what this means.
However, it is believed that they can have up to 300 pups at a time.
However, it is best known for something bad that it does.
However, it is possible that Williams could have filmed scenes for the sequel when he was alive.
However, it is possible to feel both at once, often about different things, or sometimes even about the same thing.
However, it is too small to cope with internal buses, so they stop at bus stops along the streets.
However, it never came into power because of the trouble between the Jacobins and Girondins.
However, it shrunk in size - bringing its size to only 380 times bigger than the Sun.
However, its significance may reach much further.
However, it still remains of historical importance.
However, it then starts a new life from the ashes of the fire.
However, it took a few more decades until the new regulation was universally accepted.
However, it took over Taipa in 1951 and Coloane in 1864, and in 1887, China was forced to sign a treaty to make Macau a permanent colony of Portugal.
However, it usually comes with a cue which helps the receiver to understand it.
However, it was later taken off because MediEvil and did not do so well.
However, it was not as good as they wanted and had to be mixed again.
However, it was not possible, to sum up perfectionism as a single term. This led Frost et al.
However, it was revived on the base of their former farm club FC Saturn-2 Moscow Region.
However, it was unusual because of the time it formed.
However, it will be printed some 45 years later.
However, it would still take many years of elapsed time as viewed by the people remaining on Earth.
However, Josh Homme still didn't agree with a reunion, so guitar player Bruno Fevery replaced him, playing with singer John Garcia, bass player Nick Oliveri, and drummer Brank Bjork as "Kyuss Lives!"
However, just because a planet is in the habitable zone, dos not mean it is habitable.
However, Kanak chooses to continue her dream of becoming a doctor.
However, Karaites use witnesses to set the date of the new crescent moon.
However, Karan gets defeated and almost killed.
However, kings were never as powerful as they had been before the war.
However, later that season, he left the club, which also left behind much debt and a weak team.
However, like anarchists, anarcho-capitalists say they are against the whole idea of hierarchy.
However, like the rest of Southeast Kansas counties, Democrats have not done poorly.
However, many critics argue that these keystrokes are confusing.
However, many in the television community believe that the true genius of the show was Sorkin's rapid-fire and witty scripts.
However, many modern yukata have bright and colourful designs, making them fun and fashionable to wear.
However, many other scientists, including the original describers of Rahonavis, think its remains belong to a single animal.
However Matt is yet to figure out who exactly Jewel is and discover the secrets she is hiding (including an abusive husband and stepfather, the shady people that hang around the house, as well as the fact she is underage).
However, most defectors begin their escape through China.
However, most of the judges did not agree on which legal reason was behind their decision.
However, most of them now speak English.
However, Mumbai Indians won the match by 23 runs to win their first ever IPL title.
However, Murray joined in 1976, just two months after they formed in 1975.
However, naming the clouds after Magellan did not become widespread until much later.
However, new research have shown that there is no connection between how much saturated fat you eat and heart diseases.
However, none of the states formed from the Northwest Territory ended up allowing slavery.
; however, no significant damage was caused in the area.
However, not all section headers function in a particular character as the semantic component.
However, on August 6, 1945, he (aged 44) died with his wife (aged 38) (
However, one polar opposite view is that Brahuis migrated up to Baluchistan in the 13 or 14th century or by a late immigration that took place after 1000 CE.
However, only the Fugitive Slave Act clearly benefited the South.
However, Peeves is not a classic poltergeist.
However, people do not have freedom to say things that will limit other people's rights.
However, people were being gassed so quickly that not every body could be destroyed in the crematoria.
However, people who do good things end up happy.
However, plans changed and the company declared a halt in forming future Super Junior generations.
However, pressure from competition in the chemical industry led UCIL to implement "backward integration" – the manufacture of raw materials and intermediate products for formulation of the final product within one facility.
However seeing the dire situation of Chandana, they welcome her back and their parental love comes to the fore.
However, Selena needed more songs on what was going to be her next album.
However, she forgives Miss Cho.
However, she has a dark side, in which she still has an innocent appearance.
However, she is extremely protective of her friends, and if a bad guy tries to hurt them, she will use all her skill to defeat the bad guy.
However, she is last seen flying away from the tsunami, so it is presumed that she was killed by the tsunami.
However she was in labor with Apollo for nine days.
However, ships following the GyeongBu Canal will take 25 hours to finish the trip.
However, since Reagan did not specifically mention Section 3 and say he could not do his job as President, he did not officially invoke the 25th Amendment.
However, some different drag curve models have been made for several standard projectile shapes.
However, some Muslims, such as Adnan Oktar, do not agree that one species can develop from another.
However, someone had been playing a trick on him: the invitation was not a real one, and he was not let into the theatre.
However, some organizations have levels of sharing across multiple locations or corporation-wide.
However, some other wiccans believe that the goddess is more important than the god.
However, some people say that states with many people have more power than one may expect, because they control so many electoral votes at once. citation citation citation The NPVIC gives the same power to every person, no matter where they live.
However, some studies use decrement tables.
However specialized reels are made to be mounted directly to the boat gunwales or transoms.
However, studies of several agents are currently enrolling patients.
However, studies show that most word of mouth actually happens in spoken conversation.
However, Sudoplatov also acknowledged that the codename Perseus was used to refer to or cover a number agents and anonymous sources.
However, surface irrigation is used extensively in rice farming.
However, s was an element of T and should therefore be in the enumeration.
However the album ended up being released as a bootleg album.
However, the Arena Palestra Itália is under construction with capacity for 45,000 people, expected to be finalized in 2013.
However, the band still would not play live.
However, the blood changed him into Vampire.
However, the British did not sign the proposed republican constitution.
However the ceasefire failed when the Israeli army advanced south to reach Suez.
However, the church leaders banned them, so they were performed in the streets and squares of the towns.
However the club missed promotion for J1.
However the club was relegated to J2 in a year.
However, the court allows Elizabeth to live because she is pregnant.
However, the deaths of the guerrillas' female relatives made the raiders want to kill people even more during the attack.
However, the difference in sizes between apples A and C is large enough that you can see it.
However, the District was looking for a way to raise the finance needed and in 1901 found an investor, the American Charles Yerkes.
However the escort ship was wrecked on the way and did not arrive, and one convict ship was delayed and arrived two months after the other ships.
However, the friend, named Pierre, never shows up.
However, the game is not lost.
However the Grand Caravan made a come for a later successor.
However, the growing transformation of Lawrence into a liberal academic town pulled the county into the Democratic column from 1992 onwards.
However, the heir to the Noailles dukedom was usually called the Prince of Poix.
However, the highest ranking officer in each branch of the military is not a commander nor is the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
However, the Iliad does not say this.
However, the island enjoys the highest annual temperature in Iceland.
However, the main fleet was in Europe, and the British did not have enough money to build a second fleet to protect their Asian colonies.
However, the majority of corporations are said to be closely held, privately held or close corporations.
However, the middle of the plane was a circle.
However, the movie faced a lot of scandals and delays during its production and was released straight-to-DVD instead on October 8, 2013 with a Christmas theme.
However, the name is rarely used today.
However, the name potter's lathe is also used for the machine used for another shaping process, turning, which is similar to that used for the shaping of metal and wood articles.
However, the name "tree frog" is not unique to this family.
However, the Nintendo DS remake Gyakuten Saiban Yomigaeru Gyakuten was translated and released in 2005 outside of Japan.
However, the Oregon Daily Emerald and the Oregon Commentator, said that the students'
However, the original source of the serif may be in monumental inscriptions.
However, the pictures still have the small, careful details that Hogarth is famous for.
However, the player will get a lot of ADAM if they kill the Big Sister.
However, the precinct does retain significant historical and cultural significance.
However, the prediction was based simply on the one seismographic printout viewed in the light of previous history of Galeras, without any additional scientific measurements showing any serious activity within the volcano.
However the proper location is in South India.
However, there are certain areas in which computers can calculate heuristic solutions safely for example Google's search technology relies heavily on heuristics, producing "near-miss" matches to a search query when an exact match cannot be found.
However, there are some criteria that the team must meet in order to be promoted.
However, there are unofficial procedures for downloading the complete install package.
However, there has been no serious effort to change the name.
However, there have been efforts to revive interest in it.
However, there is a kind of recording called quadraphonic that uses four-track tape to play four different tracks at the same time.
However, there is a wide range of variation in sexual anatomy.
However, there is no evidence that this is true.
However, there may or may not be a grain of truth from which the story originated.
However, the result of an alternative tournament that season is not officially recognized.
However the reverse of going from the output to the input is made to be as difficult as possible.
However, there were Armenians in Syria and nearby regions ever since the Byzantine Era.
However, there were legal problems and these delayed the permission that was needed to build the subway and tram route.
However, there were still enough lifeboats to get everyone out safely.
However, there were two times when the novels were published in chronological order.
However, these may be temporary and related to correct placement and calibration of the stimulator.
However, these needs deal more with the mind.
However, these punishments are not necessarily prescribed by sharia.
However, these tests are expensive and have to be done in special laboratories that do not exist everywhere.
However, these two universities are not national universities; they are private universities.
However, the temperatures go down, not up, as you move to the right.
However, the term is not formal or official.
However, the Tet Offensive was when the majority of Americans went from supporting the US fighting in Vietnam to standing against it.
However, the theorem is not true in more general number systems, like algebraic integers.
However, the things that happen in the play are very different from what happened in real life.
However, the travel takes more than a day therefore proper preparation for such a trip is required.
However, the two younger tribes could not get anything done.
However, the WB eventually cancelled the deal.
However, they also help with some real problems, which is why they are used.
However, they grew 20% of its produce.
However, they have not played since late 2002.
However, they have their own problems, especially if they are not configured well.
However, they later tried to force them to become Japanese.
However, they may have been omnivores that ate both plants and small animal prey.
However they obey to avoid sanctions.
However, they rarely do sting, unless really threatened.
However, they started making toys and games in the mid-1960s.
However, this freedom comes at a cost as White is able to take up space in the center.
However, this has not come without problems.
However, this idea did not work.
However, this is not a significant risk if mothers and child have some exposure to sunlight.
However, this total energy decreases as energy is transferred to thermal energy.
However, through all these "trading name" changes, the official name remains Dunedin Choral Society Incorporated.
However, to hire the needy for work on useful projects would deprive existing workers of their jobs.
However, Tropical Storm Ana formed on April 20, long before the official start of the season.
However, unconstitutionality is not the same as being declared illegal.
However, Von Cromvoirt was released on April 25, 2006. citation In addition, another individual with initials "A.
However, we do not know the details of this system.
However, we were asked to calculate the probability that it rained on Sunday, given that it rained on Monday, then this is where Bayes' theorem comes in. It allows us to calculate the probability of an earlier event, given the result of a later event.
However, when he was in power, he was never called Hirohito or Shōwa Tennō in Japanese.
However, when many companies make the same product, they compete.
However, when the plan failed, Thomas Boleyn found a place for his daughter at the English court, as lady-in-waiting to Queen Katherine.
However, words are written with consonants to indicate special vowel sounds that are allowed at the end of Burmese words.
However, Yokoi thought Miyamoto's original design was too difficult.
How is hepatitis A spread?
How It's Made is a half-hour documentary-style science show.
How many people use ASL in the United States?: Why estimates need updating.
How people make maps is always changing.
How strong an ejaculation is varies from man to man.
How then if they are forced to admit that we are all equally priests, as many of us as are baptized, and by this way we truly are; while to them is committed only the Ministry (ministerium Predigtamt) and consented to by us (nostro consensu)?
How to be Gangster and How to be Emo were put back on nigahiga's channel in late August 2009, only to be removed a few days later, along with How to be Ninja and How to be Nerd.
How to develop better leaders.
How to lord it over your friends for only £29.99.
How to Read Egyptian Hieroglyphs: Revised Edition.
Hoyt states that the bomb hit on Yorktown seriously wounded 26 men, several of whom (Hoyt does not specify the exact number) died later from their injuries.
HTML also adds meta information to a webpage.
Hubble's new camera delivers breathtaking views of the Universe.
Huckert was constantly proposing to Ivers, yet for a while she did not agree.
Hudson started pigeon racing in 1904.
Hudson was originally called "Willow River".
Huge numbers of Jews flocked to Jason's side, and in 167 BCE the Seleucid king Antiochus IV invaded Judea, entered the Temple, and stripped it of money and ceremonial objects.
Hughes became a member of the National Institute of Arts and Letters in 1961.
Hugin and Munin sitting at Odin's shoulders, illustration from an Icelandic manuscript around year 1700.
Human fossils have been found proving that modern Homo sapiens settled in the Philippines for thousands of years.
Human genome can be manipulated according to requirements.
Humanity is being attacked by monsters called klaxosaurs.
Human-made air pollution comes from many things.
Humans and animals require sleep in order for their bodies to repose and become invigorated for the next day.
Humans are a good example of an omnivorous consumer.
Humans are responsible for 1/3 of the sulfur in the atmosphere.
Humans eat jellyfish too; especially in Asia jellyfish are considered a delicacy.
Humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity.
Hume says that if someone is used to always seeing the same things occur in the same order, he will get accustumed to them being in that order.
Humfrey composed a lot of music during his very short life.
Hunan Satellite Television introduced a second season of Super Girl on March 19, 2005.
Hundreds of homes in Niles were destroyed with the local shopping center leveled and several deaths occurred at the location.
Hungary and Austria had different parliaments.
Hungary did not go to the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
Hunting animals can be eaten, but in a special manner.
Hunting can be good by keeping animal populations from getting too high.
Hunting can be used to control the populations of many animal species.
Huntsville has been important in developing space technology.
Hunza was previously under the domination of Nagar and collectively called Buroshall and their capital was Capal Dongs.
Hurricane Edouard strengthened fast, peaking as a category 4 hurricane on from August 24 - 28. After this, it weakened slightly, back to a category 3 hurricane.
Hurricane Emily broke two records.
Hurricane Emily caused about 17 deaths and $1.014 billion in damage.
Hurricane Gordon was a very deadly and damaging tropical storm for the Caribbean, Florida and parts of North Carolina.
Hurricane Opal was stopped at a category 4 hurricane.
Hurricane Rick was the first November formation since the 1991 season.
Hurt in August, he could not take a NASCAR start til the end of 2013.
Hurwiczs work was important to help show how large economic systems should be studied.
Husayn ibn Ali is known as a great figure in Islam.
Hush is considered one of the best Buffy episodes of all time.
Hussein Arnous (born 1953) is a Syrian politician.
; "Hussein" is his father's given personal name; "al-Majid" is his family name, and "al-Tikriti" is a name telling what region he was from.
Huxley's idea was later discarded, mainly because Heilmann, in 1926, had different views.
"huzaifa, context in which all life exists; consequently, it is more than a political issue."
Hwamunseok mats are Incheon's famous local products, a figured mat.
H(x) represents information.
Hyderabad can mean more than one city.
Hydrochloric acid will destroy living tissue.
Hydroelectricity is electricity made by generators that are turned by the movement of water.
Hydrogen atoms that are part of O-H or N-H bonds won't be split, but they will appear on the diagram as a rounded lump, called a broad peak.
Hylke Wybe Tromp (27 July 1935 14 February 2021) was a Dutch polemologist.
Hyoung-Keun (Hank) Lee has been president since August 2009.
Hypnosis can also be done by one person acting alone.
I aimed to make the batter hit the ball, and I threw as few pitches as possible.
I. A minor hurricane that impacted Cuba continued onward to Charleston, South Carolina on September 10, causing many deaths, tornadoes, and crop damage as it moved across the state.
IANA delegates these to smaller administrations because of the many layers involved.
Ian King, citation In late February 2007 the magazine updated its article with a change (correction) saying that "Essjay now says that his real name is Ryan Jordan, that he is twenty-four and holds no advanced degrees, and that he has never taught."
Ian Somerhalder also returned as Flight 815 crash survivor Boone Carlyle in several episodes.
"I believe the attorney general or deputy attorney general has an obligation to follow the law and Constitution and give their independent legal advice to the president,” Ms. Yates replied.
"I besieged that man, Democracy's revolutionary start". in Origins of Democracy in Ancient Greece.
Ibn al-Haytham has been called the "father of modern optics".
I Can Get It for You Wholesale is a 1951 American romantic drama movie directed by Michael Gordon and based on the 1937 novel of the same name by Jerome Weidman.
Ice dancing is different from pair skating because it limits the figures to those which are imitative of dance.
Iceland at the Olympics is a history which began in 1912.
Ichihara was hospitalised in early December 2018.
Ichiki's attack was defeated with heavy Japanese losses in what became known as the Battle of the Tenaru.
Ichi knocks him off the edge of the building and Kakihara falls to his death.
Ichneumon wasp species are highly varied, ranging from convert to convert long.
I.C, the producers is DvsG (David vs. Goliath) and Burning Heart Records.
Ida is the only Gilbert and Sullivan operetta in three acts.
Idamante does not understand why his father is saying this.
Ideally, a king should be castled, and kept behind a screen of pawns.
Ideal meters have no effect on the state variables of the system they are measuring.
' ideas in Discourse on the Method may have been influenced by Al-Ghazli.
Ideas like risk and reward, reward and punishment are based on the idea that people do things, or avoid doing things, to get rewards.
Ideas (more properly "hypotheses") about how nature works may be considered pseudoscientific for many reasons.
Identical twins have exactly the same genes; fraternal twins are no more similar than regular siblings.
I devastated the provinces of Elam and on their lands I sowed salt.
I do not fear to write that Grozde belongs among the greatest young Slovenians; that his attitude is fitting and most precious."
I don't associate myself with anything that is not good.
I don’t know how she did it, I just don’t know!"
Idrissa Ouédraogo (21 January 1954 – 18 February 2018) was a Burkinabé movie director, screenwriter and movie producer.
IEEE Technology and Society Magazine 35.2 (2016): 46-53.
If a baby bottle is used and breastfeeding is done at the same time this may cause cracked nipples.
If a ball handler steps on these, he falls on the floor.
If a boot loader does not work on your system, you may need to install a different one, use a different configuration, or fix the one it came with.
If a clock ignores this difference, it measures average time.
If a commander put more troops on one flank (or "wing"), the opposing commander seeing this, would simply move his forces to counter the move.
If a company hires a plumber to be part of their company, then that plumber is an employee.
If a contestant answers a question wrong, they get a strike.
If a county seat has a double-barreled name, as with "Maków Mazowiecki," the county may become either "Maków County" or "Maków-Mazowiecki County."
If after doing some of the exercises the person doing the exercise cannot move the weight, the "spotter" will help the person move the weight back up to the starting position by taking hold of the bar and lifting together with the person.
If a high energy, or high frequency, light beam is used, we can tell precisely where it is, but cannot tell how fast it was going.
If a human body is not embalmed, it will start to decay very quickly.
If all four conditions are satisfied, then the values of and create a primitive Pythagorean triple.
If all four players are caught, their bank is set to £4,000, and they must choose one player to play the Final Chase.
If a major interval is made bigger by a semitone it becomes “augmented”
If a movie is released in over 600 theaters, it is said to be wide release.
If an alcoholic takes disulfiram, they will keep craving alcohol, but will get very sick if they do drink.
If an artery becomes blocked completely, it causes serious problems.
If a north pole is put near a south pole, the magnets will attract each other until they stick to each other and can be hard to pull apart.
If a person does not exercise, their muscles become smaller and weaker.
If a person does not have the usual number of chromosomes, they may die or have one or more peculiarities.
If a person has no cluster headaches for a while, this is called a remission period.
If a person or organization does not respond to the subpoena, they may be punished by the court.
If a person receives too much communication or not enough communication on the job, they are more likely to become dissatisfied and unhappy with their work.
If a planet is detected by the spectral line displacement method referred to above, no information is gained about the inclination of the planet's plane of orbit around its star, and a value for this is needed to calculate the mass.
If a player does not give an answer in the time limit, it is considered a pass. If they can not pass, they are removed from the game.
If a player plays good in his league he can be "called up" to the next league.
If a predator is seen, they will make a warning call.
If a seller of a good cannot supply what customers want or ask for too high of a price, other sellers may try to supply that good.
If a send mix is configured post-fader, then the level sent to the send mix follows changes to the main channel strip fader.
If a sequence is finite, it is easy to say what it is: one can simply write down all the things in the sequence.
If a Sim is not able to care for itself and the player does not help them, the Sim will die.
If a sin is committed, you may pray directly to God and ask for forgiveness, and if the sin has affected another person, you may also ask their forgiveness.
If at least one Eastern church accepts a book, then that book is listed in this table.
If benzene had three double bonds, three sides of its ring would be shorter than the other three sides.
If bodies were not preserved, they would decay right away, and scientists could not dissect them or keep them for other scientists to learn from.
If both A and B are Off, the output will be Off.
If both groups are pulled off at the same time, it is called an E2 reaction.
If both of the wrestlers are still down for a ten-count for any reason, the first man who gets to his feet wins the match.
If both the President and Vice President are on the same Marine aircraft, the aircraft gets the Marine One call sign.
If Chaucer had finished, he would have written 120 stories.
If consumed, they may turn the skin blue.
If each betrays the other, they both are held for a shorter time.
I feel so weird saying it on camera.
I felt a little left out in the African American culture since it lacked a strong sense of community like it was in Africa.
If fire becomes cool enough, it will not keep burning.
If fire is not treated carefully, it can be very dangerous.
If Gastornis was a predator, it would have needed some means of hunting prey through the dense forest.
If Germany was a single neutral country, gaining access to these resources would be easier because Germany could be bullied by the Soviet Union.
If he kills his deputy (vice), he will lose all his cards.
If he taught according to what was known as ‘French method’ the ratio would have had to approach one corpse per pupil.
If it is 16:00 UTC, it is 01:00 the next day in North Korea.
If it is held in a person's hand, it will melt.
If it is hurt from low blood flow, but not enough to die, it is called ischemia.
If it is some other designation, try putting in Category:Geography of Cornwall or Category:Civil parishes in Cornwall instead.
If it is too long then the fingers can make playing difficult.
If it may destroy, it may abridge and control."
If it passes over a square guarded by an enemy pawn, that pawn can take the first pawn "in passing" as if the first pawn had moved forward only one square.
If it scores a field goal, the game continues, and the next team to score wins.
"If KANU and Mr. Moi will do something about the deterioration of public life, corruption and mismanagement, I'd be happy to fight alongside them.
If mamane were to disappear from Hawai'i it would take with it the palila bird, which is also endangered due to the lack of enough māmane trees.
If m is a positive number, then the line will appear to climb the page when read from left to right.
If music is not written down, then people can only learn other people’s music by listening to it and trying to copy it.
If nations are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically.
If necessary, forecasters may make adjustments to the computer forecasts.
If neither of these things happen, the person cannot be found guilty of treason.
If no-one has an absolute majority on the first and second ballot, then they hold a third ballot, and the winner is the person who has the highest number of votes.
If no other person or business is using the trademark to sell those products, then the government will list that trademark.
If one did not have the concept of open sets, one cannot define neighbourhoods in a good way.
If one takes elpis to mean expectant hope, then the myth's tone is pessimistic: All the evils in the world were scattered from Pandora's jar, while the one potentially mitigating force, Hope, remains locked securely inside.
If only the green light is on, the wall will look green.
IFOR's specific role was to implement the military Annexes of The General Framework Agreement for Peace (GFAP) in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
If people can still not figure out what the object is after an investigation, it is called a UFO.
If people with disabilities need reasonable accommodations to be able to participate in these programs, the state or local government has to make them.
If Peter does not need eggs, he will not trade his wool for eggs.
If possible, a person giving first aid should wear gloves any time they touch another person's blood.
If pregnancy is a risk, there may be reasons based on health.
If profits go down stock holders may sell, further damaging the company.
If Q answers "yes, if we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself it will run forever", then R stops.
If same numbers or pictures will line up - player will win his bet or multiplier of it.
If Sappho was married, however, this was definitely not her husband's name: it is a joke from a comedy about Sappho's life.
If she had not hidden herself, she too would have been killed.
If she was far away the Egyptians mood would become miserable.
If smoke enters the smoke detector, some of the alpha particles will attach to the smoke instead of the air particles.
If some of them chose different seats, then it would be a different permutation.
If someone gives the bicycle a push from behind, the bicycle will speed up.
If so, this is at least 2000 years before their previously known earliest use in China (c. 1000 BC).
If spiders were seen to weave webs on sacrificial objects, it was believed the Weaving Girl was offering positive feedback.
If that infant goes undiagnosed for weeks or months, he/she may start to exhibit some or all of the following symptoms for uncontrolled PKU.
If that information is missing or wrong, they cannot do much.
If the 5th question was answered correctly, they leave with $1,000.
If the animal is territorial, it may also use secretions of these glands to mark the territory.
If the aorta is too big, it cannot work correctly.
If the articles have the same names, articles about persons go first, then by places, then by things.
If the baby gets two X chromosomes, it will develop into a female.
If the ball is in play and touches the boundary or the ground outside of the field, then it is worth at least four runs, and the ball becomes dead (no longer in play).
If the bandgap is too high, most daylight photons cannot be absorbed; if it is too low, then most photons have much more energy than necessary to excite electrons across the bandgap, and the rest is wasted.
If the barrier was not there, the high tide would fill up this volume instead, and the floodwater could then spill over the river banks in London.
If the beer has more hops and more alcohol than otherwise, it will stay fresh longer than those that are not as strong.
If the breathing gas has less nitrogen it will only start at a deeper depth.
If the Conservation Review Board does not let them destroy the building, then the person who owns the building is not allowed to destroy the building.
If the consumer acceptance and liability problems can be solved, the product can be made interchangeable, and trading in such units can begin.
If the court decides that the person needs a guardian, the court will choose one.
If the debtor does not pay the loan, the creditor may take the mortgaged property in place of the loan.
If the diver goes up slowly the pressure will change slowly, and there will be enough time for the gas dissolved in the diver to return from the blood to the breathing gas in the divers lungs and it will be safely removed.
If the electrons form a chemical bond then a line is drawn between the two electrons.
If the first interval is negative and the second interval positive, then the critical point is a local minima.
If the game ends in a tie, another toss-up puzzle is played to determine who goes to the bonus round.
If the garage-owner helps the customer by fitting the spare parts into the car, the garage-owner would charge extra for his time, and would also charge VAT on the amount he charged for the service of fitting the parts.
If the godparents are not chosen within the family, they are unrelated by blood.
If the local resistance rates are greater than 10%, a dose of intravenous ceftriaxone often is prescribed.
If the Lord is God, follow him; but if Baal is God, follow him." but the people did nor say anything, so he continued: "I am the only one of the Lord's prophets left, but Baal has four hundred and fifty prophets.
If the Million Dollar Wedge is bought to the bonus round, the $100,000 envelope is replaced with a $1,000,000 one.
If the natural gas could be pumped to these cities and sold directly to consumers, it would be much more profitable.
If the neck roll of fat gets too heavy, it will fall or "break over" to one side and never recover its balance again.
If the noise dosimeter shows that the level of noise reaches the exposure action value, the employer needs to start using the program they have created to stop any future damage to their worker's hearing health.
If the observable universe is smaller than the entire universe (in some models it is many orders of magnitude smaller or even infinitesimal), observation is limited to a part of the whole.
If the outlaws and their friends and allies imagined that they could intimidate or exterminate the Earps by a process of murder, and then hide behind alibis and the technicalities of the law, they simply missed their guess.
If the 'pause' button is pressed whilst in test mode, the user will be able to test the stick shift and the game will say the number followed by the colour.
If the PIN is not entered correctly, the card is blocked (after a number of false attempts).
If the planet is found to move in a highly elliptical orbit, its surface temperature will vary from a higher temperature when close to Kepler-22 to lower when further away.
If the player reaches the other side, he gets extra points and can try again.
If the players want to be in the challenge, they will show the shell.
If the playfield reaches the top, the game ends.
If the prayers were done well, they were worth fifty prayers.
If the President signs or ignores the bill, it becomes a federal law.
If the products are not issued CCC certificates by CNCA, they may not leave factories and be sold. citation The scope of certification includes automotive interior parts, car door locks and door holders.
If there are nodes of odd degree, then any Eulerian path will start at one of them and end at the other.
If there are two dots on the left of the double bar line, this is a repeat sign.
If there is a long pizzicato section then it is more comfortable to put the bow down instead of holding it in the right hand all the time.
If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things.
If there is no damage, the plane can be put back into service.
If there is no son, his oldest brother succeeds him.
If there is not enough light to see well, a human may need a night vision device such as night vision goggles to help them see.
If there is weak correlation, then the points are all spread apart.
If the religious leaders do not directly run some bodies of the state, they influence them very much.
If the second vote does not break the tie, a two minute discussion will start where the non-tied players must come to a decision as to who should be voted off.
If the state legislatures get too powerful, or do not represent what the people who elected them want, the people have the power to pass amendments too.
If the states get too powerful, ordinary Americans can vote on a Constitutional amendment through ratifying conventions.
If the stem points up from a notehead, the stem starts at the right-hand side of the note, but if it points down, it starts from the left.
If the Supreme Court had made a different ruling in Gonzales, this never would have been possible.
If the thesaurus also has a list of antonyms, the user could also find words which mean the opposite, like "small" and "tiny".
If the two men had not found and brought back the wheat, the people would have starved.
If the value of is positive, then it points out of the page; if its value is negative, then it points into the page.
If the webpage changes or is removed ("link rot"), there is still a copy on WebCite.
If the woman is in labor (the process of delivering her baby) for a long time, there is more of a chance that the baby will become infected during the birth.
If they are also on the lead lap, they are scored as being so many seconds behind the leader.
If they are bigger there is a bigger chance of exploding.
If they are in the same world, Atlantis should be the same no matter who visits it.
If they are "motor tics" it means they're movements, like blinking or shrugging shoulders.
If they do not keep their grades up, they will be sent to military school and will never return.
If they get say the £75,000 ball, then the £9,500 ball into the winning slots and then get a killer, it will take a zero off the accumalated total.
If they hit the 5¢ or 15¢ space, they win another $10,000.
If they play the skin of the Arena is blue.
If they register after December 15th and they do not get health insurance by January 1st, then they will probably have to pay the tax from the individual mandate.
If they say yes, the suspects are given a trial.
If they still reject God's Holy Spirit and way of life, God will destroy them after the "Third Resurrection" along with former believers who had also rejected God.
If they stopped buying things from businesses owned by white people, then those businesses would lose a lot of money.
If they succeed, the meaning can be found.
If they were too slow on the other mountains or the journeys in between they might have to run!
If this is so, they would be the earliest known form of writing.
; if this is the case, no value can be left out without losing information.
If this is true, the rats cannot be the main carrier.
If this observation was made at Thebes, it took place in 1517 BC.
If this rounding method was ever a standard in banking, the evidence has proved extremely difficult to find.
If two Federal Ministers disagree about what should be done or about who is to do it or how it is to be done, the Federal Government decides with a majority decision.
If two-thirds of the Senate does not agree with the treaty, it is not approved, and there is nothing the President can do about it.
If water levels might exceed convert in central London, that is the trigger.
If water or other fluids get in the inlet, the level is failed.
If we are trying to find the slope of a perfectly straight line, then we use the slope formula, which is simply the change in y divided by the change in x. This is very accurate, but only for straight lines.
If we get too much of this type of chromium, it can harm our body.
If we had a set of pixels that went bright-dark-bright, we could use the function above to define them.
If we try to pair them up, we always leave out one animal.
If you are flat you tighten your embouchure, (mouth).
If you are over 6 years old, you can apply to this system.
If you build a straight fence 100 meters long with posts 10 meters apart, how many posts do you need?
If you collect 100 and 200 Rings, you get a life.
If you go up one with the number, you halve the size.
If you instead give negative voltage to the p-side and positive voltage to the n-side, the electrons of the n-side want to go to the positive voltage source instead of the other side of the diode.
If you look closely at a Plasma screen you will not see any lines.
If you saw a giant photon coming straight at you, it could appear as a swath whipping vertically, horizontally, or somewhere in between.
If you win the lottery, you do not have to sit side by side for a long time.
Igglybuff was one of the 100 new Pokémon introduced in Gold and Silver.
I got beaten for that- like WHHAM!
Iguana on the beach at the Charles Darwin Research Station.
"I had no money at all, and he (Joseph Papp) didn't pay much.
I have a responsibility to save the 30 crore citizens of my country as they are in great distress.
I have called the Main Stream "Macquarie River".
Ihema is the largest of a string of lakes in the eastern plains of Akagera National Park.
I hope the world will let him go in peace to build an honorable life and reputation".
IIs and a Panzerkampfwagen III attacked the Barendrecht bridge into the Hoekse Waard.
Ii was merged with Kuivaniemi in 2007.
Ike kills over 1,400 people.
Ik find dit dei de best of de wike.
Il Canto degli Italiani became anthem of Italy after 1946, when Italy became repubblic.
Il Canzoniere is a collection of 365 poems.
"I Left My Heart in San Francisco"
I’ll be out there campaigning for socialism, peace and justice, and I feel sure we’ll be doing that together."
I'll Never Forget You is a 1951 British romantic fantasy movie.
Illustrations often have one of two purposes.
I love you is a sentence which has only one clause.
Iltutmish defeated Aram Shah in the war.
I made a little mistake, but I did not want to give in, I wanted to aim.
Image:10 weeks pregnant.
Image:Aerial View of Baldwin City, Kansas 8-31-2013.
Image Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series from 1990 to 1993.
Image:Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe (new).
Image Entertainmet Corporation Inc.
Image from Andreas Cellarius Harmonia Macrocosmica, 1660/61.
Images of Sargon were erected on the shores of the Mediterranean, in token of his victories, and cities and palaces were built at home with the spoils of the conquered lands.
Imagine a person wanted to look inside cars.
Imagine Dragons EP, Hell and Silence EP and It's Time.
Imagined what things would be like without a government.
Iman's first book, I Am Iman, was published in 2001.
Imelda developed as a tropical storm near the southeast Texas coastline.
Imhotep was the architect, physician, scribe, and grand vizier of the 3rd-Dynasty pharaoh Zoser.
I might add that we are a Republic, and a “Silent Majority” is probably the most dangerous threat to the Constitution that we face.
Immediately detachments were sent to Tauranga, Rangarir and Maketu.
Immigration around the world.
Implanted defibrillators are put into the chests of people at risk of going into fibrillation.
Important changes to the Basic Law were the re-introduction of conscription and the establishment of the Bundeswehr in 1956.
Important churches are St.Thomas Orthodox Church, Inchavila and the Church at Kureepuzha.
Important cities in the voblast include: Baranovichi, Brest, and Pinsk.
Important lakes include Plansee, Heiterwanger See, Haldensee, and Vilsalpsee.
Improper coats can be brushed easily but have problems in show.
Improved weather conditions permitted air attacks on German forces, which led to the failure of the attack.
Imran aka ‘Emu' is a charismatic keyboard exponent.
I'm the sort of person who might give other people ulcers."
In 1009, this church and its community was made ​​up of monks from Cuixà.
In 1204 the same army conquered Byzantium and finally eliminated the Eastern Empire from the list of contenders on Dalmatian territory.
In 1260, Alfonso X of Castile took the city from the Moors.
In 1290, Margaret got on a ship to go from Norway to Scotland.
In 1295 it was described as a "tower with curtilage".
In 1306, Robert the Bruce met a man called John Comyn (KOHM-in) in a church.
In 1307, a convent, a complex where nuns lived, was founded in the district.
In 1308, Edward II ruled that they were no longer allowed to practice their religion.
In 1443 another terrible fire affected the western part of the city.
In 1459 he rebelled against the king, with help from another of Edward's younger brothers, George, Duke of Clarence; George was married to the Earl of Warwick's elder daughter, Isabel.
In 1470 Anton Koberger opened Europe's first print shop in Nuremberg.
In 1502 the hall church in late Gothic style was completed.
In 1510, the first sizable ship consisted of 250 Black Latinos (Spanish-speaking men ), 8 years later, African born slaves arrived in massive numbers.
In 1527, the people of Florence became angry at the Medici for acting like princes.
In 1534, Humayun defeated Bahadur Shah and captured Gujrat.
In 1580 Sumitada gave the jurisdiction of Nagasaki to the Jesuits.
In 1620, there was a fight at the crossroads between the butchers and the bakers where the 'Cryer brake his Mace in peeces Amonge them'(broke his silver stick among them).
In 1623, Philip IV of Spain confirmed the authorization, making the school both a pontifical and a royal university, and the very first university in the Philippines and in Asia.
In 1661, Koxinga forced a landing at Luerhmen, Taiwan.
In 1676 most of the ancient buildings in the city were destroyed by a fire.
In 1683 he was given a royal pension.
In 1743 1745 Hogarth painted the six pictures of Marriage à-la-mode (
In 1749, Vanha Saarijärvi had populatoin of 1,380.
In 1760, it found its present form.
In 1764, the people that were living in the Peravia Valley bought some land in Cerro Gordo (part of the valley) to build a new town.
In 1772 he became a professor for law, with a specialization in church law.
In 1772, it was made unenforceable at common law in England and Wales by a legal decision.
In 1772 Jean-André Deluc studied the several substances used in thermometers at the time.
In 1774, Siddons had her first success as Belvidera in Thomas Otway's Venice Preserved.
In 1777, he went on a journey with his mother.
In 1780, he won a game with a prize of 1500 florins and became Vienna's best player.
In 1792, the Tofino Inlet was named by the Spanish commanders Galiano and Valdés to honour Admiral Vicente Tofiño de San Miguel y Wanderiales.
In 1794, only Gray remained as the capital.
In 1797, the capital was moved again, to Draguignan.
In 17th century John Milton employed it in Paradise Lost.
In 1800, as planned, the District of Columbia became the nation's capital.
In 1802, at the age of only 28, he was elected a member of the Royal Academy, and later became its Professor of Perspective.
In 1802 he was sent to England.
In 1813 Davis began his education at the Wilkinson Academy, near the family cotton plantation in the small town of Woodville.
In ​18 1 ⁄ 3 innings, he had an ERA of 3.44 for the Indians.
In 1815, Peter Roget invented the log log slide rule, which included a scale displaying the logarithm of the logarithm.
In 1817 he began calling himself the "Governor of the Ranges."
In 1817 he said the area was "unfit for white settlement".
In 1820, Cardinal della Genga became Vicar-General of Rome.
In 1820 they decided that it would be better if everybody used the metric system.
In 1824 he released his first book: Geschichte der romanischen und germanischen Völker von 1494 bis 1514 (History of the Latin and Teutonic Peoples from 1494 to 1514).
In 1824, it was divided into East Feliciana Parish and West Feliciana Parish.
In 1828, the main district (known as the Municipality) of San José divided the Murciélago neighborhood into several groups of houses.
In 1834, a man named John Elliott divided land into lots and started to sell these lots.
In 1839 he created the School of Pharmacy and in 1876 the School of Mines.
In 1841, she married François Sabatie.
In 1843, Julia, her sister, and their father joined the President Tyler on a tour on a steam naval ship.
In 1844, a pastor in Fort Wayne named Frederick C. D. Wynecken started teaching two men to be pastors.
In 1846 the Albert Dock was opened and in 1988, turned into a shopping centre.
In 1846, the United States and Mexico went to war over a border dispute in Texas (a former state of Mexico that, after being its own country for a time joined the US), and the United States won the war.
In 1847 and 1848, Carson made two quick trips to Washington, DC with messages and reports.
In 1849 he quit his job as an apothecary and became a full-time journalist and writer.
In 1849 the health insurance support association ("Krankenkassenunterstützungsverein") was founded.
In 1850 he was elected to the United States House of Representatives again but died two weeks into his term on November 19, 1850.
In 1853, a fire destroyed nearly every building in Road Town.
In 1853 he lost his wife and his son Ferdinand Victor at a few days' interval.
In 1855, he privately printed his book as A Collection of Familiar Quotations.
In 1860 the Chinese and British governments signed the Convention of Peking.
In 1860, the Ordnance Board recommended that half of the existing bronze smoothbore cannons be rifled.
In 1861, Bingham and his family were living in the building.
In 1862, another bill to make Manhattan the place of the state university failed by one vote.
In 1862, he attended a technical school at Utrecht, but was expelled.
In 1864, Ward and Mary Ann lived quietly in the north-western plains near Bourke.
In 1866, he succeeded his father as the director of El Mercurio de Valparaíso. citation He married Elena Stuven Olmos, and they had four children: Carmela, Recaredo, Teresa and Enrique.
In 1868, Eugenio Beltrami provided models of it, and used this to prove that hyperbolic geometry was consistent if Euclidean geometry was.
In 1868 his paintings were accepted at the Salon, but it did not bring him any financial or critical success, and neither did any of the subsequent exhibitions.
In 1868, their first child was born.
In 1873, Japanese diplomats traveled to Europe.
In 1873, the department was formed with 26 officers.
In 1873 the railway came to Hoyerswerda – opening up access to other parts of the country.
In 1874 he shot and killed Major Harry Larkyns, his wife's lover.
In 1875 he became Postmaster General (in charge of the postal service) and later Commissioner for Trade and Customs.
In 1875 he began work on Swan Lake.
In 1875, he returned after being again elected senator for Tennessee.
In 1875 he went back to London to live with his parents.
In 1875, T.A. Andrews and J.M. Matheny went to Rawlins County.
In 1877, the first set of written rules were arranged by the newly formed Bath Badminton Club.
In 1878 he became Minister of Customs.
In 1878 Norton became the county seat.
In 1879, Trego County was created.
In 1882, Oshima and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.
In 1882, Tokachi and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.
In 1883 a new Peechelba office opened which closed in 1889.
In 1883 she led a Paris mob which pillaged a baker's shop.
In 1884, The Fifer was seen at the major retrospective exhibition of Manet's work organized as a tribute.
In 1886, she got an English teaching job at the Public Teacher’s College of Sapporo.
In 1887, Rubinstein returned to the Conservatory to try to improve it.
In 1889, the church erected its own structure for $2,358 when Marcus Towle, Hammond's first mayor and a member of FBC, donated land on Sibley Street to the church.
In 1890, the court was divided into two divisions.
In 1890, the Warriors moved to Ochilview Park following spells at Tryst Park and Goschen Park.
In 1891 he ran for municipal elections is supported by young intellectuals who had recently founded La Nuova Sardegna is the unitary list of Republicans and moderate and, elected with broad suffrage, held for years the city councilor activities.
In 1891 his father died.
In 1894, Frost sold his first poem, "My Butterfly: An Elegy", for fifteen dollars.
In 1895, Gyeongsang Province was replaced by 4 districts.
In 1896 he attended the Republican National Convention in St. Louis, Missouri.
In 1897, Susan Collumb died.
In 1898, Cuban conductor Antonio Rodriguez-Ferrer was the anthem's musical introductory note conductor.
In 1898 he applied for French citizenship but was refused.
In 1898 the football section became a club of its own.
In 1899, they produced and sold over 200 cars, more than any other U.S. maker.
In 1900, 3,902 people lived in Kittanning, and in 1910, there were 4,311 people living in the area.
In 1900 the Governor Brothers scared many people in the north of New South Wales.
In 1900 there were 46 steamboats on the river.
In 1901, the iron industry in Scranton moved to Lackawanna, New York.
In 1903 Escoffier published his first major book, Le Guide Culinaire.
In 1903, she was upset about the bad working conditions of children.
In 1904, Smith's oldest brother, Clarence, ran away from home and joined small traveling troupe owned by Moses Stokes.
In 1905, Harry Macdonough and the Haydn Quartet (known then as the "Edison Quartet") made the first recording of this song that people know about.
In 1905 the Royal Danish Academy of Science organized a competition.
In 1908 the ÖFB was host for the fifth FIFA-congress.
In 1909 he returned to Latem where he lived as a recluse.
In 1911, he left Japan for China.
In 1914 the club was officially formed and played their first match against FC Traunstein.
In 1914, the three Goons (Gimpo, Yangcheon, and Tongjin) were integrated to become Gimpo Goon.
In 1916 it was renamed "Kaziranga Game Sanctuary" then changed to “Wild Life Sanctuary” in 1950.
In 1917, Hemingway decided not to go to a university.
In 1918, the company started publishing books.
In 1919, the couple started constructing a house at Palo Alto, California.
In 1920 he got a PhD in literature.
"In 1922-23 Near East Relief evacuated 22,000 children from ophanages in interior Turkey to Syria and Greece.
In 1922, he took power by having a large group of men, "
In 1922 Howard Carter found Tutankhamun's tomb.
In 1922, when Turkey took possession of Smyrna, the Onassis family lost most of their fortune and had to flee to Greece.
In 1923, Daugherty convinced the City council to use the site to build the first municipal airport.
In 1923 he was professor at Waseda University.
In 1923, she divorced Wylie and married the critic, novelist and poet William Rose Benét.
In 1924, he started recording piano rolls and 1925 disk records.
In 1924, the village of Oberlutter and the monastery church of Königslutter were incorporated as a city.
In 1925 Stephen Vincent Benét decided to write a long poem.
In 1929, Gimnasia y Esgrima obtains its only First Division title in the amateur era, after a campaign that included fourteen victories and three defeats.
In 1931, it was placed in the care of the city of Frankfurt.
In 1931, she was one of the first three women to graduate from Fu’ad University.
In 1932, Fitzgerald's mother died.
In 1932, Muraoka started a radio show She read the news to children.
In 1932, when de Valera, was appointed President of the Executive Council (prime minister) of the Irish Free State he made Ó Ceallaigh Minister for Local Government.
In 1933, a company was formed of all the bus, tram and underground companies, called London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB).
In 1933, the United States Table Tennis Association, now called USA Table Tennis, was formed.
In 1934, Boeing put a Boeing 247 into the MacRobertson Race.
In 1934 he became regional general secretary of the CNT.
In 1934, he was in six movies.
In 1934, Mises left Austria for Geneva, Switzerland, where he was a professor at the Institute of International Studies until 1940.
In 1934, the name was changed to Distrito Nacional and, instead of a province, it became like a municipality.
In 1934 they changed their name to The Garland Sisters.
In 1934, they discovered that they that could make stable elements radioactive.
In 1935, her father died suddenly, and Carson had to take care of her aging mother.
In 1935, the eyewear industry spread to Sabae and Fukui.
In 1935, the presence of black particles was discovered.
In 1935, Weill went to America with his wife Lotte Lenya.
In 1938 Cheonggu Club accessorys acquittal petition and personal reference.
In 1938 he had to leave Austria, because the Nazis had taken over government.
In 1939, he was appointed a magistrate before becoming a junior high court judge in 1949.
In 1939, the company started a catalog, which is a book that shows all the products that people can buy from the store.
In 1940 there were only 1206 professional officers.
In 1941, he tried to prevent war between the US and Japan.
In 1941, the German Air Force (
In 1941, the Ministry of Education published the nihongo.
In 1941 they became officially protected.
In 1942 these aircraft could provide air cover for Japanese naval forces advancing into the South Pacific.
In 1945, Moore's purchased a home in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
In 1945 the city was nearly completely destroyed.
In 1945, the company agreed with FC Barcelona to make the club Barça's reserve team.
In 1946 header of Chosun Democratic party, in February 1947 he was first Commander-in-Chief was Korean people's Army until 1950.
In 1946 he made his first recording as a bandleader, with a group called "Miles Davis Sextet plus Earl Coleman and Ann Hathaway".
In 1946, it was decided to replace all of London's remaining trams "as soon as possible".
In 1946, the "service de l’aviation légère et sportive" (SALS) is created, which purpose is essentially to provide available aircraft and instructors for flying clubs.
In 1947-8 India and Pakistan fought their first war over Jammu and Kashmir.
In 1947, Duruflé wrote his famous Requiem op.
In 1947, she made her first official trip outside Britain.
In 1947, she was Miss Italia.
In 1947, the Diet took its current form.
In 1948, she married Joseph Whelan.
In 1948, Wofford married Clare Lindgren and they later had three children.
In 1949, the automobile industry finally got back on its feet after World War II.
In 1950, Buckley married Patricia Buckley.
In 1950 Chancellor Konrad Adenauer gave Theodor Blank the job of preparing for the time when Germany could have an army.
In 1950, control of the airport was turned over to the newly created Norfolk Port and Industrial Authority (NPIA).
In 1950, Nielsen moved to television and developed ratings systems using the methods he and his company had developed for radios.
In 1950, Raihan passed his matriculation from Amirabad High School, Feni.
In 1950, she reported her work on Ac/Ds and her ideas about gene regulation in a paper.
In 1950, she was named Canada’s woman athlete of the first half-
In 1950, Tel Aviv and Jaffa (called Yafo in Hebrew) joined to into the city of Tel Aviv-Yafo.
In 1951 a new treaty was signed and the American military returned to Iceland.
In 1952, he starred in Istanbul Stars with Muammer Karaca and stepped into the cinema.
In 1952, Porter's mother died.
In 1952 the city became the seat of the Eilenburg Rural District newly formed by the administrative reform in the GDR.
In 1953 a Belarusian cemetery was opened, that houses also Radasłaŭ Astroŭski.
In 1953, he received the USSR State Prize.
In 1953, officially, only 36,000 Italians lived in Yugoslavia, 16% of the Italian population before World War II.
In 1954 Gallatin led the NBA in rebounding, and was named to the All-NBA First Team.
In 1954, his wife died.
In 1955, he graduated clarinet successfully.
In 1955, he was made the Chief Judge of Western Nigeria and later became the Chief Justice of the country.
In 1955, the corporation changed its name again to Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.
In 1956 a film The Immortal Swan included footage of her dancing in the 1920s.
In 1957 he produced his first drawing containing a true impossible object: Cube with Magic Ribbons.
In 1957, she appeared in a movie version of the play.
In 1957 Strauß married Marianne Zwicknagl.
In 1958 a group of people was formed to get money to build a new college.
In 1958 Coleman made a record called Something Else!
In 1958, she appeared as the celebrity challenger on the TV panel show "What's My Line?"
In 1958 they went to Malaya to help the Commonwealth there.
In 1959 Mike Connors starring in a new TV series called Tightrope, playing police agent Nick Stone, who must infiltrate organized crime.
In 1959, Oswald received a hardship discharge (for mother's health) to quit the Marines, but defected to the Soviet Union, for nearly 3 years.
In 1959 plastic cards were introduced.
In 1959 Robert Taylor stars in the television series The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor, He played the role of Det. Capt. Matt Holbrook, in 98 episodes.
In 1959, she won a silver medal in Munich for fashion photography and then in 1991, received the Pro Cultura Hungarica Medal.
In 1959 The Stage was changed to The Stage and Television Today.
In 1960, another city was created nearby, named Anda City.
In 1961 Castro officially announced that his government was socialist.
In 1962 Beuys was member of the "Fluxus movement".
In 1962 he formed the Schütz Choir (later the Schütz Choir of London).
In 1962 he released his own song called "Stubborn Kind of Fellow".
In 1962, when President Park Chung-Hee started his five-year economic development project, Sosa-myeon (소사면) was renamed Bucheon City (부천시).
In 1963, he received the order of the Lion of Finland.
In 1963 he was admitted to the Nevada Bar.
In 1965, Ceylon became the world's leading exporter of tea, with 200,000 tonnes of tea being shipped internationally annually.
In 1965, he was made a priest for the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Passaic.
In 1965, he won a Coupe d'Argent at the Alpine Rally.
In 1965 India Pakistan war this force fought valiantly and successfully in a number of skirmishes in Lathitila, Dohogram, Laksmipur, Assalong and Boroibari.
In 1965, its name was changed to Province Estrelleta and, finally, in 1972 it got its present name.
In 1966, Bly co-founded American Writers Against the Vietnam War.
In 1966, Buxton teamed up with Hal Seeger in the animated cartoon series Batfink.
In 1967 the City decided to build the new stadium in Lehen and to make places for 18 000 spectators.
In 1967, the SEC told the Lands Department to keep 400 acres of French Island for future construction of a nuclear power plant.
In 1968, for the first time, an admission price was required to get into the park, originally set at 25 cents.
In 1968, he created the newspaper strip Capitão Cipó, published in the newspaper Correio da Manhã and in 1975, launched the Turma do Lambe-Lambe. citation In 2013, he created the Diboo website (www.diboo.com.br), an online drawing course for children.
In 1968 he retired from being a professor and retired to Austria, where he died of natural causes in 1977.
In 1968, Knott's Berry Farm started to charge people to visit the park.
In 1968, Robert Noyce and Gordon Moore co-founded Intel, after they and Grove left Fairchild Semiconductor.
In 1968, the name was changed to Servite College.
In 1968, the Oscar Benton Blues Band released its first album, Feel so good.
In 1968 the regiment was merged with the Somerset and Cornwall Light Infantry, King's own Yorkshire Light Infantry and the King's Shropshire Light Infantry to form The Light Infantry.
In 1968 the Soviet Union sent tanks into Prague to Wenceslas Square to restore their power.
In 1968, the two prizes of British and foreign actress were combined to create a single Best Actress award.
In 1969, he founded Lamborghini Oleodinamica S.p.A., a manufacturer of hydraulic valves and equipment.
In 1969 Morrison started studying at Florida Community College in Jacksonville when he was 17 years old.
In 1969 they won the silver medal at the European Championships and the bronze medal at the World Championships.
In 1969, with the help of "The Family", he murdered at least eight famous people in California.
In 1970, at age 30, Reid was chosen by O'Callaghan as his running mate for Lieutenant Governor of Nevada.
In 1970, Gimnasia y Esgrima finished second the zone "B" behind Chacarita Juniors, and qualified to the "Nacional" semifinal against Rosario Central, who had occupied the first position in the zone "A".
In 1970, he founded the Theater of the Sensitive.
In 1970, he retired from movies and sought help for his dependency issues.
In 1971, he set up the Meiho Youth baseball team, citation six-time world champion.
In 1971 they released two studio albums.
In 1972, after redistricting, he ran in the same district as veteran Republican Representative William S. Broomfield.
In 1972 he came to Werder Bremen's youth academy.
In 1972, Michael Grossmann had developed the term "health capital".
In 1972, Phelps published a book "Inflation Policy and Unemployment Theory" (see Selected Publications) about his new theory.
In 1972 the bunker was set on fire.
In 1972, von Braun left NASA.
In 1973, at fourteen, Balukas successfully defended her straight pool U.S. Open title.
In 1973 Joffrey asked Twyla Tharp to create her first commissioned ballet, Deuce Coupe.
In 1973, Nikolsk received town status.
In 1973 she started the organization COYOTE and St. James Infirmary Clinic.
In 1973 the election of first parliament was done but the government stopped & dissociate the parliament in 1975 which result in strong protests by the Bahraini opposition (Moderate Islamic & non-Islamist opposition).
In 1973, when the show was 10 years old, the episode "The Three Doctors" was shown.
In 1974, Evans was hired to coach the Salt Lake Golden Eagles of the WHL.
In 1974, he lost the Candidates final to Karpov by the narrowest margin: 11.5–12.5.
In 1974, Maher went on to start The Liverpool News.
In 1974, the airport opened its new terminal.
In 1974, the arrondissements of Sélestat and Erstein were combined to form the new arrondissement of Sélestat-Erstein.
In 1975, he became an independent developer.
In 1975, he became a record director.
In 1975, he married Jeanne Sementini.
In 1975 he returned to television with the Bob Crane show.
In 1976, Giridhara Miśra said aloud a Kathā on Rāmcaritamānasa to Svāmī Karapātrī.
In 1976, the "call letters" the station used were changed to WHSV-TV; these are the call letters the station uses now.
In 1976, the transit agency was created by the Joint Powers Agreement (JPA), under the amended Government Code of the State of California.
In 1977, Sandusky founded The Second Mile, a non-profit charity serving Pennsylvania's underprivileged and at-risk youth.
In 1978, he became a playing manager.
In 1978, he published Trudeau, a best-selling political biography of then-
In 1978, she joined the cast of the short-lived Hee Haw spinoff, Hee Haw Honeys.
In 1979, at the death of his father, murdered by his valet, he inherits a large real estate holdings, a sugar refinery and 28 companies.
In 1979, the mayoral elections in Cleveland had become nonpartisan.
In 1980 he obtained his Ph.
In 1980, he was nearly defeated for reelection.
In 1980, Lord Gordon said Parliament should repeal, or take back, that law.
In 1981 it moved to its current location on St. Giles Road.
In 1981, Sanders was against Tony Pomerleau.
In 1981, the NHL changed the conference and division lineups.
In 1982 a version was released for the Atari 2600.
In 1982 Folkets Hus was assigned to a group of young people — the original founders of Ungdomshuset — however the municipality of Copenhagen still owned the building.
In 1982, his book Schindler's Ark, won the Booker Prize.
In 1982, the fictional motel was destroyed by fire.
In 1983, she moved to Zimbabwe.
In 1984, Bosley guest-hosted the "Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular" with local newscaster Pat Harper.
In 1984, he took up a fellowship at CERN, to work on distributed real-time systems for scientific data acquisition and system control.
In 1984, he was invited to Istanbul to make an album for Güneş Plak.
In 1984 the 1972 trains were replaced by the new 1983 trains.
In 1985, Carrie Kei Heim played Pippi in the ABC Weekend Special called Pippi Longstocking.
In 1985 he changed his stage-name to "Welser-Möst" after the town of Wels where he grew up.
In 1985, new producer Phillip Bowman was planning to bring the character of Meg Mortimer back into the show as a "permanent occasional."
In 1985, Russell commissioned him to write the BBC Schools television play Teaching Matthew.
In 1985, the LCS was expanded to a best-of-seven format.
In 1986-1987, she scored a vocal duet hit with Mikael Rickfors, with the song Som stormen river öppet hav.
In 1986, Butcher left Ipswich when they were relegated.
In 1986 Chesney graduated from Gibbs High School where he played baseball and football.
In 1986, it signed the Mizo Accord with the Government of India, ending the violence.
In 1986, it won the Procan Award (Performing Rights Organization of Canada) for Canadian radio airplay and in 2000 it won a Socan Classics Award for more than 100,000 Canadian radio performances.
In 1986 they won the Landesliga for the first time and were promoted to Regionalliga West (3rd division).
In 1987, an easier Super Mario Bros. was released for the Game & Watch.
In 1987 the company began phasing the name out and by 1989 it had been removed from all products.
In 1987, Weinberger retired from the defense department.
In 1988, the different types of RAID (1 to 5), were written about by David Patterson, Garth Gibson and Randy Katz in their article, called "A Case for Redundant Arrays of Inexpensive Disks (RAID)".
In 1988 they released their second album Surfer Rosa.
In 1988, United States Senator Claude Pepper proposed the law that would create NCBI, and the rest of the United States Congress passed it.
In 1989, Guo helped to write the law on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests.
In 1989, his work The Protecting Veil was performed at the Proms.
In 1989, some countries set up a group of people from different Governments to tell countries the best ways to stop money laundering.
In 1990 Andrei Gusev became a correspondent of the daily "Moskovskij Komsomolets".
In 1990, China accounted for only 27% of such minerals.
In 1990, Cosworth was sold to Vickers, a British engineering company.
In 1990, during a big reform called "
In 1990, he was let out of Victor Verster Prison after 26.5 years.
In 1990, he won César Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role in Hiver 54, l'abbé Pierre.
In 1990, Soto Toro earned his Bachelor's Degree of Science in Electrical Engineering.
In 1990, the club was taken over by businessman Ioan Niculae and has since improved.
In 1991, he became Diocese of León.
In 1991, he gives AGS the Italians Gabriele Rafanelli and Patrizio Cantu.
In 1991, lots of teams were beginning to be added to the NHL.
In 1991, Nick at Nite began airing reruns, and continued airing until 2000, when it was removed from the lineup.
In 1991, smaller 1, 10 and 25 kobo coins were issued in copper-plated-steel, along with nickel-plated-steel 50 kobo and 1 naira.
In 1991 there were a number of lawsuits and he defaulted to Crédit Lyonnais, his financial backer.
In 1992 Anne and Michael visited Romania for three days; it was Anne's first visit to the country.
In 1992 he released two albums at once, Human Touch and Lucky Town.
In 1992, most of Apple's other music also began to appear on CD.
In 1992 Sahgal wrote in Refusing Holy Orders: Women and Fundamentalism in Britain and edited it with Yuval-Davis.
In 1992 the band were signed to 4AD.
In 1992, the Champions Cup was renamed the UEFA Champions League.
In 1993, a sick dog wandered into Rockford.
In 1993 his first major movie Bear was shown at the Royal College of Art in London.
In 1993, Karbauskis founded the company Agrokoncernas.
In 1993, she played the villain Lúcia Guerra in Sonho Meu.
In 1993, the last NASG air show was performed before 70,000 viewers.
In 1994 Boris Williams decided to move on, and in early 1995 Jason Cooper took up residency behind the drum kit, with Roger O'Donnell rejoining once more on keyboards.
In 1994, he became the leader of the Thai Nation Party.
In 1994 he received the Ellison-Cliffe Medal from the Royal Society of Medicine.
In 1994, he was President of the Argentine Wind Energy Association (AAEE).
In 1994, Murray and Schleifer published a taxonomic note.
In 1994, she only had one point taken off and in 1995, she had a perfect score.
In 1994 someone tried to kill Berezovsky.
In 1994 to 2002 he was a chairman of the Supreme Court of Ukraine.
In 1995, he began working as a manager.
In 1995, he was added into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame.
In 1995 he was reburied at Gundagai next to gang members Gus Wernicke and James Nesbitt.
In 1995 the Belge Publishing House offices were firebombed, forcing it to be housed in a cellar.
In 1995, the company left New York City and moved to Chicago.
In 1995 the IRA stopped fighting, and in 2005 the IRA said the war was over.
In 1995, the Japanese government made a commemorative 80 Yen postage stamp.
In 1995, they released their last album, The Rapture.
In 1995 they released their last EP You're Gruesome.
In 1995 they released their second album, The Beacon Street Collection.
In 1995 they went into the studio to make Tomorrow the Green Grass.
In 1996 he bombed the Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia.
In 1996, he finished second in the 100 meter breaststroke and third in the 4 x 50 meter 20 points medley relay race.
In 1996, he made his own label, Aftermath Entertainment, with Interscope Records.
In 1996, he was selected as a founding member of the National Academy of Arts of Ukraine.
In 1996, she won the Album of the Year &
In 1996, the Society for Biomolecular Screening (SBS) wanted to make the microplate have standards to live up to.
In 1997 a major fire burned about 1,435 km² of the forest.
In 1997, Rice-Oxley asked Chaplin to sing. The band changed its name to "Keane".
In 1998 he was appointed institutional senator, a position he held starting in 1998.
In 1998, he was promoted to a manager.
In 1998, he was ranked one of the ten best tennis players in the world.
In 1998, he was selected Japan for 1998 World Cup.
In 1998, Hole released Celebrity Skin.
In 1998, Navarro was asked to leave the band.
In 1998, Pavarotti was given a very special award: the Grammy Legend Award.
In 1998 Shirov's ranking rose to number four in the world.
In 1998, the Kentucky General Assembly designated Fleming County as the Covered Bridge Capital of Kentucky.
In 1998, Tori released From the Choirgirl Hotel, her fifth album.
In 1999, Alexa was bought by Amazon.com for about US$250 million in Amazon stock.
In 1999, he won the Funniest Male Stand-Up Comic title at the American Comedy Awards.
In 1999 she played the lead role in the movie Drive Me Crazy.
In 1999, she started acting.
In 1999, the Foundation expanded its mission to include the creation of the National Museum of the Marine Corps.
In 1999, the senior women of Amaṯa, including Ruby, founded Minymaku Arts (it is now called Tjala Arts).
In 2000, 138 people lived there.
In 2000 a project began to replant part of the lost Great Wood, called the Millennium Forest, and is now managed by the Saint Helena National Trust, established in 2002.
In 2000, Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith returned to the band, with the news that Janick Gers would remain a member of Iron Maiden Maiden, since then Maiden has three guitarists.
In 2000, Englewood had a poverty rate of 44%, which was substantially higher than the overall poverty rate in Chicago of 20%.
In 2000, he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for recording.
In 2000, the province encompassing Bujumbura was separated into two provinces, Bujumbura Rural Province and Bunjumbura Mairie Province.
In 2000 the U.S. News and World Report associated the word minion with a sock puppet.
In 2000 to 2009 he was leader of Democratic Labour Party (lang).
In 2000, Waitz was inducted into the United States National Distance Running Hall of Fame.
In 2001/02 they won the league and were promoted to the ÖFB-Frauenliga where they still are.
In 2001-2002 Putin took over several media stations.
In 2001, a 60th Anniversary Special Edition was released that has original RKO titles.
In 2001, a faster C5 was made, called the Z06.
In 2001, it was shown that the population of Brigg was 5,076 in 2,213 households.
In 2001, Prince married Manuela Testolini in a private ceremony.
In 2001, she became the Executive Director of the Fiji Women’s Rights Movement.
In 2001 she started identifying as a trans woman.
In 2001, the American invasion allowed women to start work again.
In 2001, the name was changed to Cypron Studios.
In 2001 there were 1003 people living in Rawreth.
In 2001 there were 1008 people living in West Hanningfield.
In 2001 there were 127 people living in Brough Sowerby.
In 2001 there were 167 people living in Dundraw.
In 2001 there were 1715 people living in Great Yeldham.
In 2001 there were 1780 people living in Weeley.
In 2001, there were 187 people living in Lindsey.
In 2001, there were 189 people living in Westley.
In 2001 there were 193 people living in Hutton Roof.
In 2001 there were 202 people living in Garsdale.
In 2001 there were 2125 people living in Alresford.
In 2001 there were 2259 people living in Great Bentley.
In 2001, there were 2317 people living in Holbrook.
In 2001 there were 2,601 people living in Caistor.
In 2001 there were 3,359 people living in Elmswell.
In 2001 there were 340 people living in Crook.
In 2001, there were 3,433 people living in Long Melford.
In 2001 there were 3450 people living in Boreham.
In 2001 there were 401 people living in Stambourne.
In 2001 there were 475 people living in Nateby.
In 2001 there were 4,820 living in Buntingford.
In 2001 there were 491 people living in Warcop.
In 2001 there were 50,131 people living in Bracknell.
In 2001 there were 590 people living in Farlam.
In 2001 there were 594 people living in Orton.
In 2001 there were 647 people living in Heversham.
In 2001 there were 763 people living in Lamplugh.
In 2002, Carey donated $50 million to the College of Business.
In 2002 Farah went to work for the National Council of Churches in Kenya, teaching people about reproductive health.
In 2002, Gabbard married Eduardo Tamayo.
In 2002, he moved into the Telefonica World Series.
In 2002 Lee won the Special Award at the BAFTAs.
In 2002, Messing was named one of the "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" by People Magazine.
In 2002, Selena's father released the "20 Years of Music collection".
In 2002, she inherited an estate worth an estimated £70 million from her mother.
In 2002 she made her first television appearance in many years on LWT's Another Audience with Ken Dodd.
In 2002, she released another single "(No More) Searching".
In 2002 she returned to Italy.
In 2002, they updated the logo and the ring now with a WWE.
In 2002 to 2005 Pohjola spent much time in his own recording studio, documenting ambitious arrangements of Scandinavian traditional and popular music.
In 2003, all of the tickets were sold out for the first time.
In 2003, Betty Ford published Healing and Hope: Six Women from the Betty Ford Center Share Their Powerful Journeys of Addiction and Recovery.
In 2003, Cootie was named to the Toy Industry Association's "Century of Toys List".
In 2003, he joined L-3 Communications / Titan Corp., becoming its president and CEO.
In 2003, Powderfinger released their fifth album, Vulture Street.
In 2003, Ryu pitched for his school in the Michoohall National High School Championship.
In 2003, the album was ranked number 420 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
In 2003, the city of Duluth erected a memorial to the murdered workers.
In 2003, the municipality had a population of 3,449.
In 2003 there was an exhibition at the National Gallery of Art, Washington.
In 2003 there were 1950 people living in Guttenberg.
In 2004, about 1,424 people lived there.
In 2004, Amerie began dating her manager, Lenny Nicholson.
In 2004, Carville released a political banter book entitled Had Enough?, as well as a children's picture book, Lu and the Swamp Ghost, with co-author Patricia C. McKissack and illustrator David Catrow.
In 2004 Gruschwitz moved from Neu-Ulm to Leutkirch im Allgäu after the company had previously taken over two other companies in the textile industry (Fritz Zorn GmbH & Co. KG, Leutkirch and Lozetex GmbH Tech-Twists, Winterlingen).
In 2004, he received the Simon Memorial Award in low-temperature physics for his fundamental research on the role of symmetry in low-temperature physics, and applications in Cosmology, quantum gravity, quantum field theory and particle physics (Eulogy).
In 2004, he said that he was gay. citation He resigned as governor after he said he had an affair with a male employee.
In 2004 his Shiseikan (lang, Administrator, one story of the "Shiseikan series"), written in 1974, was translated into English.
In 2004, Martin Hendry and Ken Skeldon from the University of Glasgow investigated the 'Moon Hoax'. citation In November 2004, they spoke at the Glasgow Science Centre and examined the top ten lines of evidence that a hoax had taken place.
In 2004, she was chosen to be the Polish ambassador for the ASTOR cometics brand.
In 2004 there were 12,729 people living in the city.
In 2004 the school changed from radio based education to the Satellite Education Program.
In 2004 the single-table format was brought back.
In 2005, after having served eight years of his 16-year sentence, Kelly appeared before a Connecticut parole board; his bid for release was rejected.
In 2005, American Pie was voted 5th in the "365 songs of the century" list.
In 2005, a serious heart problem happened to DeBakey.
In 2005, Benson worked with artist Jamie McKelvie on a short story for the Image Comics collection Four Letter Worlds.
In 2005, Bourdain began hosting the Travel Channel's culinary and cultural adventure programs ' (2005–2012) and The Layover (2011–2013).
In 2005, Curtin University of Technology joined UWA in Albany to offer extra courses.
In 2005, Emanuel Lundgren wrote several songs and gathered his friends to record them.
In 2005, further work was undertaken on the stand and it reopened in 2006.
In 2005 he started a band called The John Mayer Trio with bassist Pino Palladino and drummer Steve Jordan.
In 2005, Hotta was included in the JFL's Best Eleven team of the season.
In 2005, Italy's share in dollar value of table wine imports into the U.S. was 32%, Australia's was 24%, and France's was 20%.
In 2005, Italy was second globally, producing about 20% of the global production of wine compared to France, which produced 22%.
In 2005, Itanium systems accounted for about 14% of HPC systems revenue, but the percentage has declined as the industry shifts to x86-64 clusters for this application.
In 2005, Pinto was elected to the Senate as a Podemos candidate from Pando.
In 2005 Screaming Queens: The Riot at Compton's Cafeteria was released.
In 2005 their single "Ooh La La" reached number four in the UK Singles Chart.
In 2005, Totschnig won stage 14 of the Tour, showing his skill on the 15km long climb up the Port de Pailhères (2000m at 8.2%).
In 2005, Wing was part of the cast of the short movie Ex Memoria.
In 2006-07, she made her debut in the senior team under the new national coach Giovanni Guidetti.
In 2006, Allison was elected to the Oakland city council.
In 2006, Citadel acquired the positions of Amaranth Advisors at a steep discount.
In 2006 he lost his seat but in 2007 he returned.
In 2006 he supported the then-president Chen against his former comrade Shih, who led a movement for a forced resignation of Chen called ‘Million Voices Against Corruption, President Chen Must Go’.
In 2006, he was named as the Journalist of the Year by the CFA Institute.
In 2006 it closed down its base at Keflavik.
In 2006, Lee joined the Democratic Labor Party.
In 2006, Linspire announced that the basic service was to be made available for free.
In 2006 Lundgren did a Take-Away Show video session shot by Vincent Moon.
In 2006 she received a Sport and Community Trophy.
In 2006, she was runner-up on the fourth season of Australian Idol.
In 2006, the band recorded an album with their parent's group Banda el Recodo called Dos Generaciones.
In 2006 The Cure started writing and recording 4:13 Dream.
In 2006, the long-tailed subspecies was listed as "
In 2006 there were 1,998 people living in Gundagai.
In 2006 there were 4465 people living in Korumburra.
In 2006, the town merged with the former city of Amagi and the town of Haki.
In 2006, waves from Lake Erie washed away the tip. citation After this, in 2007, the tip reappeared.
In 2007, 10696 people lived there.
In 2007, 14996 people lived there.
In 2007, 17452 people lived there.
In 2007, 17975 people lived there.
In 2007, 19537 people lived there.
In 2007, 22536 people lived there.
In 2007, 3002 people lived there.
In 2007, 30188 people lived there.
In 2007, 31543 people lived there.
In 2007, 3719 people lived there.
In 2007, 39585 people lived there.
In 2007, 4166 people lived there.
In 2007, 5021 people lived there.
In 2007, 6110 people lived there.
In 2007, 6454 people lived there.
In 2007, 7983 people lived there.
In 2007, 8396 people lived there.
In 2007, 9379 people lived there.
In 2007, 9852 people lived there.
In 2007 Angus Council led by Robert Myles decided to change the Saltire for a new Angus flag.
In 2007 Eve released the single "Tambourine".
In 2007, Gault said that once he heard what Lewis said, he kicked Lewis out.
In 2007, had the visitation of 30,000 people in five weeks.
In 2007, he appeared on the game show Grand Slam.
In 2007 he produced the album El Pentagono, in which participate various artists of the musical genre.
In 2007 he recorded an album with social-themed songs titled Verde y Negro as a tribute to the freedom fighters of the Dominican people.
In 2007 her first full-length book Whipping Girl: A Transsexual Woman on Sexism and the Scapegoating of Femininity'' was published by Seal Press.
In 2007 he setup the Sutra foundation in Malaysia.
In 2007 the conductor Edward Gardner became music director of ENO.
In 2007, the factory had 3000 workers.
In 2007 they merged with PSV Team für Wien and played since that time under the name FAC Team für Wien.
In 2007, Xue recorded his second album “你过得好吗” How Are You, and was nominated for seven categories at the Beijing Pop Music Awards, citation which established his reputation as a promising singer-songwriter in his early career.
In 2008, a group of researchers discovered the phonautogram that was recorded on 9 April 1860.
In 2008, a two-part crossover episode with Holby City was developed for the beginning of the show's second series.
In 2008 Chile won top prize in the World Polo Championship.
In 2008, Davies was in the teen comedy Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging.
In 2008, Ford sold Jaguar and Land Rover to Tata Motors.
In 2008, he finished second in the Team Class 9-10 game.
In 2008 her first solo album Who Killed Amanda Palmer was released by Roadrunner.
In 2008 he was awarded the Baltic Assembly Prize for Literature.
In 2008 Prince Joachim married for the second time.
In 2008, she also gave birth to twins, Vivienne Marcheline and Knox Leon.
In 2008, she formed a non profit called Parents for Aliso Niguel - PFAN.
In 2008 she married Renn Hawkey.
In 2008 she played Keiko Endo (遠藤 恵子) in Hitomi (瞳) of the NHK television fiction show.
In 2008, there were about 1905–2060 lynxes in Finland.
In 2008, they released another studio album, The Circus.
In 2008, they started to work on their final album, which was their self titled album.
In 2009-2010, the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines employs 229 non-permanent teachers.
In 2009, 73 people lived in the commune.
In 2009, a movie based on this story was released.
In 2009 Anchor books announced a change in the series tittle.
In 2009, another short play called Brightspirit's Mercy was released.
In 2009, Antonelli broke up with businessman Arthur Fernandes after two years.
In 2009, Argentina did not have daylight saving time.
In 2009, a study was done in 232 countries and territories.
In 2009 a version was released for iPhone and iTouch.
In 2009, Bahrain was moved to the fourth race on the schedule.
In 2009, Billboard ranked him as the 57th Artist of the 2000s decade.
In 2009, Blessed played the world's worst explorer, Sir Basil Champion – a character based upon Blessed's fictional inspiration, The Lost World's Professor Challenger – in the fourth story in The Scarifyers series, The Curse of the Black Comet.
In 2009, blink-182 reunited, and they released a new album in September 2011, titled Neighborhoods.
In 2009, Brown had his best year.
In 2009, Carole King was inducted into the Hit Parade Hall of Fame.
In 2009, David produces a first animated feature film, "Totally Spies, The Movie" based on the international T.V hit "Totally Spies" sold in over 130 countries, and the most sold French T.V series internationally.
In 2009, Firth received widespread critical acclaim for his leading role in A Single Man, for which he gained his first Academy Award nomination, and won a BAFTA Award.
In 2009, following two nationwide tours and the release of a greatest hits compilation, the members of Fall Out Boy decided to take a break.
In 2009 Foster was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award in the category Arts.
In 2009, he had his best season for the Royals, finishing the season with a 16-8 record and a 2.16 ERA, which was the best ERA in Major League Baseball.
In 2009, he married businesswoman Danielle Deleasa.
In 2009 he played for the second team of Red Bull Salzburg, Red Bull Juniors.
In 2009, he was accused of financial crimes and almost went to jail.
In 2009, it was rebranded as the UEFA Europa League.
In 2009, Pepsi, Diet Pepsi and Pepsi Max began using all lower-case fonts for name brands, and Diet Pepsi Max was re-branded as Pepsi Max.
In 2009, she received the Knight’s Cross of the Order of Merit medal from the Republic of Poland.
In 2009 she was in Khaled Youssef's film "Kalemni Shokran".
In 2009 She Wolf was released.
In 2009 the album was re-released with an extra CD of demos and live songs.
In 2009 the large silver-colored ¢5, ¢10 & ¢20 were withdrawn.
In 2009, the play was adapted by Russell for radio – see Educating Rita (radio play).
In 2009, the westbound part of the highway near Sarnia was widened from four lanes into six lanes.
In 2009, when Wing was 94, she worked on a short movie called Numbers Up.
In 2010, 1,563 people lived there.
In 2010, 1,599 people lived there.
In 2010, 1,801 people lived there.
In 2010, 1 871 people lived there.
In 2010, 1,901 people lived there.
In 2010-2012, she acted in an adaptation of author Vedat Türkali's story Fatmagülün suçu ne?
In 2010, 202 people lived there.
In 2010, 209 people lived there.
In 2010, 3,140 people lived there 2010.
In 2010, 3,165 people lived there.
In 2010, 3,302 people lived there.
In 2010, 342 people lived there.
In 2010, 365 people lived there.
In 2010, 3,726 people lived there.
In 2010, 3,807 people lived there.
In 2010, 398 people lived there.
In 2010, 399 people lived there.
In 2010, 4,629 people lived there.
In 2010, 483 people lived there.
In 2010, 537 people lived there.
In 2010, 540 people lived there.
In 2010, 5,500 people lived there.
In 2010, 5,798 people lived there.
In 2010, 7,165 people lived there.
In 2010, 776 people lived there.
In 2010, 777 people lived there.
In 2010, 902 people lived there.
In 2010, 930 people lived there.
In 2010, 954 people lived there.
In 2010, 972 people lived there.
In 2010, 975 people lived there.
In 2010, 97 people lived there.
In 2010, Allen & Overy announced that it was offering full equity partners the option to work part-time.
In 2010 and 2011, Howell took part in "Stickaid".
In 2010, a South Korean warship sank, killing over 40 soldiers.
In 2010, a team examined numerous points among the feathers of an extremely well-preserved Anchiornis specimen to survey the distribution of melanosomes, the pigment cells that give feathers their colour.
In 2010, Bahrain was the first race of the season.
In 2010, Brown was nominated for the Best Actor prize in the 2010 TV Choice Awards, and won it three years in a row.
In 2010 FIDE chose the five strongest teams, and pitched them against five much weaker teams.
In 2010, Go-Op wanted to run trains from Birmingham Moor Street, around Oxford and Swindon, to Yeovil, which would call at Chippenham.
In 2010, he won the Grawemeyer Award for his research on the science of pain.
In 2010, Hybner won the Thalia Award. citation He was known for his movies Jára Cimrman Lying, Sleeping (1983), Dissolved and Effused (1985), Cosy Dens (1999), I'm All Good (2008), Toys in the Attic (2009) and in Marguerite (2015).
In 2010, it was ranked twenty-first in Empire magazine's "The 100 Best Films of World Cinema".
In 2010 (last national census), there were people living in the Azua province, and 165,703 (main) living in towns and cities.
In 2010 (last national census), there were people living in the Sánchez Ramírez province, and 85,207 (main) living in towns and cities.
In 2010 (last national census), there were people living in the San Cristóbal province, and 295,539 (main) living in towns and cities.
In 2010, 'of Technology' was dropped and it is now known just as Curtin University.
In 2010 Pruitt was elected Attorney General of Oklahoma.
In 2010, she said that she left the group, and made a new band called Her Majesty & The Wolves.
In 2010, she won the women's Vasaloppet main competition.
In 2010 Silverstone hosted its very first Superleague Formula event.
In 2010, the Census Bureau estimated that 491,230 lived there.
In 2010, the city had a total population of 518,709, citation up from 463,830 in 2005.
In 2010, the company announced the launch of a comic book division called Legendary Comics, LLC.
In 2010, the Council of Ministers of the Economic Union of Central Africa (CAEU), gave Epaye the Medal of Grand Officer of the Order of Merit from the CEMAC Community.
In 2010 the museum got the short name ‘WieMu’.
In 2010, they are about 2,400, which is 13,3% of the students.
In 2010 they changed their name to The South.
In 2010, while campaigning for Congress Bass supported the expanded firearm registration bill.
In 2011, 425 people lived in the village.
In 2011, 472 people lived there.
In 2011, 6,481 people lived there.
In 2011, a book called Scapegoat: Why we are failing disabled people was published.
In 2011, around 4,875 people lived there.
In 2011, Disney Channel confirmed that a movie based on the show is currently being produced.
In 2011 he had a test with Red Bull Salzburg.
In 2011 he was elected "Austria Wien player of the century".
In 2011, he was named the host of MSNBC's PoliticsNation, a talk show.
In 2011, he was promoted to minister of Sports and Recreation.
In 2011, he was the Japanese national champion.
In 2011 Michael Waltrip Racing entered into a technical alliance with AF Corse to provide them sportscars to race in the FIA World Endurance Championship and Tudor United SportsCar Championship (formerly Rolex Sports Car Series).
In 2011, Parents & Colleges said Lawrence was one of the 10 best college towns in the United States.
In 2011, she co-founded Peace Voices, a poetry program dedicated to poetic outreach through the Education and Outreach Department The Peace Center for the Performing Arts in Greenville, South Carolina.
In 2011, she graduated from the Faculty of Law of Ivan Franko National University of Lviv with a master's degree in law with honors.
In 2011 she left the website.
In 2011, she published her memoir titled Podwójne życie Szaszkiewiczowej (The Double Life of Szaszkiewiczowa).
In 2011, Šibenik-Knin County had a population of 109,375.
In 2011 the Israeli government decided to transfer all units into a new building to be built in Jerusalem.
In 2011, the National Association for Gifted Children published a position paper that stated what a gifted student is.
In 2011 the organization decided to use the term "KFUM" in promotion with "M" standing for "människor" ("people").
In 2011 there were 2013 people living in Lambourne.
In 2011 there were 2,741 people living in Deloraine.
In 2011, W.E., the second movie directed by Madonna, was released.
In 2011, when Thales won a contract for the Lightweight Multirole Missile, Thales said it agreed with the MOD to "re-role previously contracted budgets to facilitate the full-scale development, series production and introduction of the LMM."
In 2012, 150 people lived there.
In 2012, 3,070 people lived there.
In 2012, 427 people lived there.
In 2012 he got elected in the Parliament of Romania as a senator and in 2016 maintained his seat in Parliament switching position from senator to MP, a position he has held until the present day.
In 2012, Holliday was inducted into the Kansas State Hall of Fame.
In 2012, in the alcoholic-romantic comedy "Date" directed by Yusup Bakhshiyev, Klimova appears as a sexy teacher, a very teetotaler, "clever and beautiful woman with long legs from under a small fuchsia dress."
In 2012, it decided it was still unable to change the 1953 version of its publication S-23 – Limits of Oceans and Seas, which includes only the single name "Sea of Japan", to include "East Sea" together with "Sea of Japan".
In 2012 it was declared a provincial historical heritage by the legislature of the Buenos Aires Province.
In 2012 it was released.
In 2012, Jim Yong Kim became President of the Bank.
In 2012, Maria Dahvana Headley's "Give Her Honey When You Hear Her Scream" and Ken Liu's "The Bookmaking Habits of Select Species" were both finalists for the Best Short Story Nebula.
In 2012 Max Hastings wrote that Szabo was "adored by the men and women of SOE both for her courage and endless infectious Cockney laughter", while Leo Marks remembered her as "A dark-haired slip of mischief.
In 2012 Nadler's sixth album The Sister was released.
In 2012 she made her own record label, Transmission Galactic.
In 2012, Suzuki stopped making cars for the American market.
In 2012, the club won the champion in J1.
In 2012, the Liberal Democratic Party had around 800,000 members.
In 2012, there were more than 1.1 billion Catholics worldwide.
In 2013, Blake said that he was dating Theresa Wayman from the band Warpaint.
In 2013, Collins published the book Year of the Jungle.
In 2013, French Professor Alain Carpentier created the first 100% artificial heart, using biomaterials and electronic sensors.
In 2013, he began voicing Casey Jones in Nickelodeon's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
In 2013, Liming Family registered another private non-profit organization with the Civil Affairs Bureau: NingJin County “Liming Vocational Training and Rehabilitation Center”.
In 2013, she became a candidate in Dancing with the Stars 3 with her dance partner Kim Soo-ro, who won first place and consolidated her name as a great dancer in K-pop.
In 2013, the area had 637,989 people living there.
In 2013 the novel Ender's Game was made into a movie.
In 2013, they released their first single "Flatline".
In 2013, women's golf added the fifth major.
In 2014, 1,066 people lived there.
In 2014, 1,784 people lived in the commune.
In 2014, after almost 2-year break from acting, she returned to the silver screen in Peter Chan's movie Dearest, and won the Hong Kong Film Critics Society Award and Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.
In 2014, Che'Nelle released her sixth album Luv Songs 2; it was her second installment in the Luv Songs series and like 2011's Luv Songs, it features a mixture of traditional Japanese love songs with several covers of R&B songs including "
In 2014, for the first time, two fantasy bras were created.
In 2014, he designed the National Library of Latvia in Riga, Latvia, aka the Castle of Light, whose architectural form references and draws inspiration from Latvian folklore.
In 2014 he was awarded the $3 million Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for his work.
In 2014, he was nominated for Best Rock Album at the Grammy Awards citation and won a Brit Award for Best Male Artist.
In 2014, it is over seven billion.
In 2014, Jaccottet became the fifteenth living author to be published in the prestigious Bibliothèque de la Pléiade.
In 2014, Perani got married at the age of 75 with the Bolognese business woman Anna Ciano at the Palazzo D'Accursio.
In 2014, she was part of the New Zealand delegation that sent off the canoes of the Polynesian Voyaging Society, Hōkūle'a and Hikianalia.
In 2014, the value of assets under custody on behalf of customers averaged 12.2 trillion euros; furthermore, Clearstream processed 43.65 million ICSD and 82.68 million CSD settlement transactions.
In 2015, 1428 people lived there.
In 2015, 686 people lived there.
In 2015, Atlanta's lone race date moved to the second week of the season in early March, with the Bojangles' Southern 500 at Darlington Raceway returning to its traditional Labor Day weekend date.
In 2015, Captain D's had record-breaking success.
In 2015, he was transferred to FC Liefering, the farm team of FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In 2015, Mazda and Toyota agreed to work together.
In 2015 the population stands at 22,413 people.
In 2015, the Sounds began to play at a new stadium called First Horizon Park.
In 2015, the WIV's National Bio-safety Laboratory was completed at a cost of 300 million yuan ($44 million).
In 2016, 70 people lived there.
In 2016, a mass of warm water nicknamed the "Blob" kept the coast of California very warm.
In 2016, Kyiv International Airport (formerly Zhulyany Airport) was named after Sikorsky.
In 2016, Peck was cast as Ross in the FOX series Pitch.
In 2016, she starred as Prama in the 2016 movie Lion.
In 2016, the population was estimated to be around 14,843 people.
In 2017, 289 people lived there.
In 2017, 310 people lived there.
In 2017, Aziz launched a campaign called Feed Our World to deliver food packages for the people in need.
In 2017, he curated the first show of the "BRIDGING ASIA/EUROPE" exhibition series in The Parkview Museum Bejing, which presents artists from Asia and Europe in a form of dialogue.
In 2017, he sang together with Romano on the song Karl May, which appeared on his album Copyshop.
In 2017, NatWest was awarded Best Banking App in the British Bank Awards.
In 2017, she became Vice President for Women and Family Affairs.
In 2017, she was a listed as one of the finalist of the Martin Ennals Award for Human Rights Defenders.
In 2017, Tatiana Melnik became the face of the Italian cosmetics brand “Oh! my Bella!”
In 2018, a 3800 panel, 1 megawatt solar plant was opened next to the former nuclear plant.
In 2018, he returned to Urawa Reds.
In 2018, Kikuchi was selected for the 2018 NPB All-Star game.
In 2018, Madrid made history by becoming the first club in recent history to win the Champions League three times in a row.
In 2018, Regional News Network offered it initially on WMCN, its New Jersey broadcast television station.
In 2018 she was presented the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
In 2018 Singha became an official partner of ROK Cup International Final.
In 2018, the Critics Choice Awards nominated Kristen Bell for Best Actress in a Comedy Series and Ted Danson for Best Actor in a Comedy Series.
In 2019, 9,113 people lived there.
In 2019, he appealed to the Supreme Court to have his conviction removed from his background.
In 2019, he published a book on his experiences, titled Les prostituées nous précèdent.
In 2019, she starred in Always Be My Maybe.
In 2020, a team of scientists studied worldwide deforestation efforts and found they were not working.
In 2020, Danville was named "the safest town in California".
In 2020, scientists from the University of Utah said some caecilians have venom glands in their mouths that come out near their teeth.
In 2020, she starred in the YouTube web series Attaway General.
In 2020, Thabane came under pressure to step down due to his alleged involvement in his ex-wife's murder.
In 2021 Charli won the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice award for Female Social Star.
In 2021, she signed with AC Milan.
In 20th century the stanza went out of use.
In 222 AD, Sun became the king of Kingdom Wu and in April 229 AD, he became the emperor.
In 238 AD all the people of Assisi became Christian, because of the teaching of Bishop Rufino.
In 2 years, 143 engines were sold in Paris, and production of Lenoir Gas Engines had begun.
In 354 BC he gave his first public political speeches.
In:37th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society (IECON 2011), Melbourne, Australia, 7-10 Nov 2011.
In 508, the Tiele defeated the Rouran.
In 748 Cuthred's son, Cynric, tried to depose his father and died in the rebellion.
In 754, the Tang sent another 100,000 soldiers, led by General Li Mi (李宓), but never made it past Mu'ege.
In 757, under King Gyeongdeok of the Unified Silla, the name was changed to Suseong-gun (수성군).
In 986 he returned to Iceland, from where he sailed.
In a 2008 interview, she said 1979 adaptation is "the only good adaptation to" a movie of her work to date.
In a 2008 reunion and 2014 interview, citation Todd Holland, the director of the movie, revealed that the original cut of the movie was 2.5 hours long and included an extended backstory (background) for Corey and Jimmy.
In a 2009 interview, Houston indicated the marriage was both passionate and turbulent.
In a 26-year career, Secrétin was singles champion of France seventeen times and European single champion in 1976.
In a Bildjournalen issue was a commercial record with, among others, the band Lucas and the song One Night Stand.
In: Abraham Lincoln: The War Years (1939) New York: Harcourt, Brace & Company.
In: Abraham Lincoln: The War Years New York: Harcourt, Brace & Company.
In a cascading configuration (potentially allowing wider entryways within limited space), the doors run on independent tracks so that while open, they are tucked behind one another, and while closed, they form cascading layers on one side.
In a compound microscope, the lens closer to the eye is called the eyepiece.
In Acts 13:9, he begins to be called Paul.
In AD 18 he was given charge of the eastern part of the empire.
In addition, 19.20% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
In addition, a 5.6 km-long, 16 m-wide elevated highway was completed over the stream in August 1971 after four working years.
In addition, although Cayce's secretary Miss Davis allegedly took down what Cayce said, the records of the readings are jumbled and chaotic.
In addition, an unofficial report of 4.44 inches of rain was reported on Roatan Island.
In addition, between 150,000 and 200,000 Polish civilians were killed.
In addition, Big Sean was fined $750 for turning guilty to unlawful imprisonment.
In addition, homeodomains of individual Hox proteins are similar in many species.
In addition, industries in the city produce metals, machine tools, electrical equipment, chemicals, textiles and food products.
In addition, it has been equipped with GSM-R, in 2007.
In addition, it may contain added pectin, pectinous preparation, or acid ingredient.
In addition, it sends the MAC address of the network card, plus a 4 byte random number.
In addition, it was used by the Japanese to do air attacks on the Mariana Islands.
In addition, Rahonavis shoulder bones show evidence of ligament attachments allowing the independent mobility needed for flapping flight.
In addition, since new AIDS treatments have proven to be effective (even if expensive) methods to suppress HIV, Western Europe’s AIDS mortality rate has also fallen very much in the past few years.
In addition, Solar operates its secondary channel via DZBC-TV on UHF Channel 30 (569.143 MHz) under a subchannel lease agreement from its frequency owner Byers Communications.
In addition, the client identifies a positive belief.
In addition, the final game started the 1994 Stanley Cup riots in Downtown Vancouver.
In addition, the miniature of the battleship Mikasa was made up to 13 meters.
In addition to being the name of a field of study, the word "statistics" can also mean numbers that are used to describe data or relationships.
In addition to composing their own songs, written by band members Erwin Flores and Rolando Carpio, they are sometimes mentioned as the first South American band to record exclusively their own material.
In addition to field work, slaves also were skilled in trades such as blacksmithing, carpentry and mechanics.
In addition to heavy cavalry, there would be the light cavalry.
In addition to serving as the Head Football Coach, Beatty also works at Trinity as a teacher for freshmen at the school.
In addition to the 365,25 days of the solar year, there are the 29.5 days in a lunar month.
In addition to the City Council, there are a small administrative units that are the councils of the different villages that make up the municipality of Vitoria (about 60 villages, some of which are being absorbed by the growth of the city).
In addition to the colorpoint pattern, Ragdolls may also have mittens (white paws).
In addition to the five types of Pikmin from Pikmin 2 (Red Pikmin, Yellow Pikmin, Blue Pikmin, Purple Pikmin, and White Pikmin), there is two new types of Pikmin.
In addition to the regular thirty-minute Real Ghostbusters episode, a half-hour Slimer sub-series was added that included 2-3 short animated segments focusing on the character Slimer.
In addition to these lines, some of subway lines of Seoul also are run by Korail.
In addition to the simple packet filtering (above) this kind of firewall also keeps track of connections.
In addition to the strong claws and feet, woodpeckers have short strong legs.
In addition to this, the study published in 2003 found that LM1 and LM3 are similar in age, citation and that humans were present at Lake Mungo as early as 50,000 to 46,000 years ago.
In addition, trade experts are worried about a supply chain delay, and tension due to the indefinite delay to the trapped ships as well as other vessels that planned to cross the Suez canal.
In addition, Trier has written screenplays for Thomas Vinterberg's drama Dear Wendy (2005), about marginalized youth in an American mining town, and for Jacob Thuesen's The Young Years (2007), a comedy about Trier's film school years.
In addition, Zabel won the first of six green jerseys for winning the points competition.
In a deal to draw Italy into the war, under the London Pact, Italy was granted Trentino, Trieste, (the German-speaking) South Tyrol, and Istria including large non-Italian communities.
In a dispute or a competition, the idiom explains what one side does in order to gain advantage.
In a Dr Pepper advert in 2009, he played a small clip from Detox.
In aerobic organisms, this final electron acceptor is oxygen.
In a family, a bonsai might be started by a grandparent, then given to a parent, then given to a child over many years.
In a few weeks, he meets her again at a concert in Earlsfort Terrace.
In Africa, it has been used as a disinfectant for vegetables such as lettuce.
In African folklore, spotted hyenas are described as ugly and scared animals.
In a Gram stain test, a counterstain (commonly safranin) is added after the crystal violet, colouring all gram-negative bacteria with a pink colour.
In a House of Commons (UK Parliament) Debate of the Potato Crop Committee on 25 April 1882, English industrialist and statesman William Edward Forster pointed out to two experiments run on the Model Farm by the organisation.
In all Frieza demonstrated three transformations and four altered states, overlooking his bulk at 100% power and cyborg augmentation.
In all of the dishes, Hoto was economical because it used many vegetables and stock.
In all the presidential elections between 1856 and 1892, it supported the Republican candidate.
In all these languages, the term also means cleared, free of weeds, trees.
In almost any modern fantasy novel, you can find Germanic creatures like elves, dwarves, and giants.
In Amapá, precisely in 1973, Otávio Nogueira and Delson Furtado, mobilized a group of friends to found the Santos Futebol Clube in Macapá.
In America, the album was titled Stomp Your Hands, Clap Your Feet.
In amniotes the inner anatomy of the egg has evolved further and new structures have developed to take care of the gas exchanges between the embryo and the atmosphere, as well as dealing with the waste problems.
In Among Us, players play as one of four to ten players, and can either be a "Crewmate" or an "Impostor".
In ancient Afghanistan, the river was also called Gozan, descriptions of which can be found in the book "The Kingdom of Afghanistan: a historical sketch By George Passman Tate". citation http://library.
In ancient Persian poetry, only Attar Neyshabouri mentions Phoenix in his poems.
In an exclusive interview with TV3, Anas indicated that Mr. Nyantakyi appeared experienced in scamming and rather gave him, Anas, tutorials on how to scam people including the institution Nyantakyi headed.
In an interview with Vanguard newspaper, Burna said that I'm on Fire shows the growth he has achieved so far as an artist.
In an issue of Beckett Anime, a Beckett magazine publication, Zarbon was voted as one of the top five greatest henchmen of all anime, and was the only character from Dragon Ball Z on the list.
In another chamber, Chell has to use the Weighted Companion Cube, which looks like a Weighted Storage Cube with hearts on it, to solve the test.
In another of his classics, Buffalo Bill (1944), he plays the legendary buffalo hunter.
In any case, it can be fully used in "live" mode, that is to say, directly from the DVD without having it installed on the hard disk.
In any case, TM went on to help many people around the world, and it is still taught as a form of meditation.
In any event, the ocean and air would have vanished before the Sun gets to that stage.
In a parallel circuit, the amperage is divided up across all of the loads.
In a parallel circuit, the electrical current may flow along multiple paths before returning to the power source.
In a parliamentary republic, the people choose the members.
In a pipe organ, the musical notes are made by blowing air through pipes.
In appearance, it is intermediate in appearance between M. americana (first group) and M. nana (third group).
In April 1422 an event took place in Florence that was to be important in Masaccio's life.
In April 1980, Def Leppard signed with Leber Krebs management.
In April 1998, Anthology was released.
In April 2007 Japan Tobacco bought the Gallaher Group.
In April 2010, Ebert posted his screenplay of Who Killed Bambi? aka Anarchy in the UK on his blog.
In April 2019, he released the song "Welcome to the Party".
In a primitive communist society, there is no extra stuff for people to hoard.
In a reversal of its previous distaste for publicity, the group begins an urgent campaign to spread its message to as broad an audience as possible.
In a salpicon, ingredients that are diced, cut into small cube-like pieces, and cooked with a sauce or other liquid.
In a series of experiments Buck (working independently from Axel) discovered how people separate different smells in their nose.
In Asia, in 2008, the club won the champions AFC Champions League and the 3rd place Club World Cup.
In Asia, the club also won 1999–00 Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
In Asia, Urawa won the champions in the 2017 AFC Champions League and the 2nd place in the 2019 AFC Champions League.
In a similar way, water-side economization works with air from the outdoors and is commonly used with evaporation processes.
In a single bite, a yellow-lipped sea krait can give more than 12 times the venom needed to kill a human.
In a small triangle on the face of the earth, the sum of the angles is almost 180°.
In a study from Vanderbilt University, 27% of American parents said their mental health had gotten worse and 14% of parents reported their children's mental health had gotten worse.
In a survey 55% of British thought it meant I've forgotten it already.
In a survey by IUSSP 32% of Indian women said they had been raped in their lives.
In a system of submarine valleys east of the Andaman-Nicobar Ridge, the depth is more than 4,000 meters (13,200 ft).
In a typical year, approximately half of the food it purchased from a local supplier came from out-of-state.
In August 1915, the Tsar decided to lead the country's army himself, and replace his cousin Grand Duke Nikolai.
In August 1974, her husband resigned as the President of the United States.
In August 2006, he became a member of Labour's National Executive Committee.
In August 2020, he was charged with another 20 counts of either rape or sexual assault between 2004 and 2020 respectively.
In August 6, 2018, James enrolled at Crossroads School, a private K–12 school in Santa Monica, California.
In August the 'Proms In The Park' takes place in Bedford Park.
In Australia and New Zealand commercial surrogacy is an offence.
In Australia, hearing dogs are trained through the Lions Club International of Australia.
In Australia they are most common in forested areas where there are many termite-filled fallen logs.
In a weak voice, Booth asked for water and Conger and Baker gave it to him. citation He asked them to roll him over and turn him facedown.
In a world that regarded territory, power, and wealth as paramount, Louis XIV was recognized as a great king.
In Azerbaijan, the language has on official status, From 1939 to 1991, it was forbidden to use the language in schools in Azerbaijan.
In back inside, Nokia N900 has 270MB from memory and battery is 56m78.
In ball bearings, the rolling elements are spherical balls.
In Bangladesh small, medium, and big enterprises have taken up e-business platforms.
In Baroque times in the Lutheran church organists would improvise a chorale prelude.
In "Battle of the Labyrinth," they are seen at the Triple G Ranch.
In Bebê a Bordo, Isabela played the lead, Ana.
In Beichuan a girl was found in these ruins 102 hours (4 days, 6 hours) after the earthquake.
In between 1855-1877 O'Brien bought his father-in-laws share of the land and named it the "O'Brien Estate".
In biryani the rice (plain or fried) is cooked separately from the thick sauce (curry of meat or vegetables).
In Bogarde's autobiographies and in the 2004 biography, it is recounted that Judy Garland's lines were substantially rewritten by Bogarde (with Garland's consent).
In Bolivia, the new military government, which had recently staged a successful coup d'état, cancelled a large order of tractors that was being prepared for shipment in Genoa.
In Boston, a mob tried to free a fugitive named Anthony Burns.
In British and American culture, finding a penny is often thought to be lucky.
In Bryant, Edwin & Patton, Laurie L. The Indo-Aryan controversy: evidence and inference in Indian history.
In Burmese he was known as Pantanaw U Thant.
In Cairo, Sly, Bentley and Murray check out the museum to steal the Clockwork Parts.
In Cambodia, people play many sports.
In case it is placed at different location, slight adjustment for latitude is required by slanting the dial plate.
In cases of doubt, sabotage will nevertheless be assumed.
In cases where undue publicity might hurt the defendant's case, public access to the trial can be restricted.
Inc., a subsidiary of US Airways Group Inc.
In Cayo West, acquiring 2,180 votes to beat Mendez, whose votes totalled 1,800.
In Chapter 11 Of the Bhagavad Gita, Lord Krishna/Vishnu shows Arjuna everything -- all of creation: time, space, past, present, future, omniverse, fictional and real human beings, and more.
In China, jan was written about in the Shurai.
In China the total was at $145 million.
Incidence rates are important in studies involving acute diseases, where symptoms of a disease peak and subside within days or weeks and generally lasts less than 3 months.
In Cloudstone, the player plays the game as an unnamed character.
In club competitions, he represented IF Castor.
Includes reprints of his earlier papers on programmed learning.
Includes trial transcripts.
Including independent suburbs, 167,975 people lived in the Greater Suva city area.
In cold climates, maple trees keep starch in their trunks and root before the winter, but when spring arrives, the starch is converted to sugar/sucrose that rises the sap.
In Comanche Station (1960), Scott is Jefferson Cody, A cowboy saves a woman who had been kidnapped by Indians Comanches, then struggles to get both of them home alive.
Income taxes on the wealthiest Americans were cut from 70% to 50% to 28% during his two terms.
In commercial design the designer has to create an environment that includes function and aesthetics.
In Computer Platform Virtulisatin, Nested Paging is used to unburden the Hypervisor from heavy work with Guest OS memory translation.
In computing, a cluster is made of many individual computers that work together to solve a problem at hand.
Incongruence between cladistic and taxonomic systems.
In contrast, a singular noun phrase usually refers to something that you would count as one only (e.g., one time, a glass, the sun, my mother, Jennifer).
In contrast, a totalitarian regime attempts to control virtually all aspects of the social life, including the economy, education, art, science, private life and morals of citizens.
In contrast, the trunk tends to be relatively smooth.
In contrast with Pangaea, little is known yet about the exact position and history of Rodinia.
In cooking too, perhaps only men can produce something truly excellent, but it is women who rustle up something quick for the family.
Incorporated into the city of Bonn.
In countries that do not do this, getting syphilis from a blood transfusion is much more likely.
Incubation periods are not exactly the same for everyone, because every person is different.
In Cyberpunk 2077, you play as the character V. You can customize V's gender, voice, body, and clothing.
In December 1914, he was badly hurt.
In December 1944, Japanese forces reached French Indochina and completed the operation.
In December 1945, the Yard was renamed the U.S. Naval Gun Factory.
In December 1950, the Republic of Indonesia controlled Buru and it became part of the Republic of Indonesia.
In December 1980, he co-founded the Chinese Society of Rare Earths (CSRE) in Beijing.
In December 1997, after Bolger resigned as Prime Minister, Shipley was elected as his replacement unopposed.
In December 2008, it was discovered that Timney wrote a series of letters praising the work of Smith.
In December 2009, Fernández underwent microdiscectomy surgery for a herniated disc.
In December 2011 the district stopped working with ReachOut.
In December 2012, the YouTube show finished its third series of 12 episodes.
In December 2014, Batista announced he was retiring from professional wrestling.
In December 2015, She was nominated for Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Comedy Series for her role in You're the Worst.
In December 2016, Kaneff was named a Member of the Order of Canada.
In December 2017, Johnson was accused of having molested a member of his church in 2012 when she was 17 years old.
Indeed, it would not be compassionate to ignore someone's need, though the way one fulfills that need may vary.
Indeed, one popular desktop publishing book was actually titled The Mac is not a typewriter.
Indeed, the boy of reason as he was, he could not deny it to others.
Indeed, the fundamental characteristic of this literary epoch is that it perfected itself in every kind of art, in particular uniting the essentially Italian character of its language with classicism of style.
In: del Hoyo J. et al (eds) Handbook of the Birds of the World Alive.
In despair Faust follows it with his eyes; he falls to his knees and prays.
In developing countries, there are over 333,000 cases per year.
India at least 17 times.
India became the first nation in the world to have launched over a hundred satellites in one mission.
Indiana: Indiana University Press.
Indiana University Press: Bloomington and Indianapolis, p54–82.
Indian Mujahideen said they carried out the Jaipur bombings of 2008.
Indian Press Information Department Release, 27 December 1942 towards eventual Indian freedom, and his attempts to weld the Punjab together and save it from communal friction.
India's First War of Independence (by this name later a book was published by V.D Savarkar) was a revolt of Indian soldiers and people (rulers and peasants) against British rule.
India, the United States, Turkey, Iran, and Egypt were the next largest producers.
India would like to formalise this status quo and make it the accepted international boundary.
Indiscriminate grand melee tournament meeting!
"Individual Forecasting and Aggregate Outcomes" (see Selected Publications) This book was not thought of as very important.
Individual pages can be protected to allow only certain users, or only those with an account, to edit them.
Individuals forced to switch from mussel-eating to worm-eating were able to change their bill shape in 10 days.
Indo-European language and culture: an introduction.
In doing so, it forges close relations with foreign universities, including those of Berlin and Darmstadt in Germany, as well as the one of Tampere in Finland.
In doing this he changed the rules of war.
Indonesian mountain weasels are endangered because they are they only live in a very small area and because not much is known about them.
Indonesians also remember him as Bung Karno or Pak Karno.
Indulf, his father.
Industrialisation caused towns to grow larger.
Industry oriented university, it appears in 1984, following the law on higher education which provides that « engineer training.
In early 1941, Jews and Serbs were ordered to leave certain areas of Zagreb.
In early 1981, Frida and Benny also got divorced.
In early 2008, the model was improved at the front and back, it had a new front lights, new bumper and new grille.
In early 2012, a manuscript of the memoir, titled Tiglachin ("Our Struggle" in Amharic), was leaked on the Internet.
In early 2014, the late Paul Gray was replaced by Alessandro Venturella, and Jordison was replaced by Jay Weinberg, leaving Crahan as the only remaining original member.
In early 2017, the band released the new single from their latest album, called "Heavy", featuring new artist Kiiara.
In early 41, Caligula was assassinated.
In early age of Zhou Dynasty, a new way of divination appeared which was put into writing.
In eastern Maharashtra, most people eat a lot of wheat, jowar, and bajra.
Ine many have started as a sub-king but before long was able to establish himself as the sole ruler of Wessex.
In encryption, a key specifies the particular transformation of plaintext into ciphertext, or vice versa during decryption.
In England, most beheading were done with an axe and a block.
Inertial frames of reference are useful in everyday life as well.
In European countries, emergency services take about eight minutes or more to arrive, once they have been alerted.
In Europe, average natural background exposure by country ranges from under 2 mSv annually in the United Kingdom to more than 7 mSv annually for some groups of people in Finland.
In everyday use, the town is known as simply Blacka.
In fact, a typical episode unfolds across all 30 principal sets and features two or three unique locations as well.
In fact, before the city of Granada, there was an older city here called Elvira.
In fact, by their long survival in a world of many predators, herbivorous dinosaurs were as effective as they needed to be.
In fact, chimpanzees are closest to us.
In fact, it can be seen that also -7 is a root of this polynomial.
In fact, it eliminates them.
In fact it fits me staggeringly well, must have been made to have me in it!"
In fact, the designs for engines with the highest specific impulse, like ion engines, are the 'weakest' of all types of engines.
In fact, their wedding date has been set for six days hence.
In fact, the new king doubled Handel’s salary.
Infact, there are various colleges that also offer integrated MCA program as well.
In fact, there were seven independent kingdoms ruled by the seven clan dynasties in Ancient Manipur.
In fact, the sound waves had changed because the heat and pressure made the granite act differently.
In fall 2006, Stephanie Abrams left the show for Abrams & Bettes Beyond the Forecast with Mike Bettes and was not replaced.
In Fall Guys: Ultimate Knockout, the main gameplay comes from playing a series of mini-games in the game.
Infant attachment is a special bond first developed in infancy.
Infantry and General Cosby's positions back.
In favour also were those concerned with accidents, because both accidents and fuel consumption go down.
In February 18, 2005, his brother Bonar died from cancer, aged 82.
In February 1922, In Chauri Chaura village of Gorakhpur in United Provinces, Non violent actvists of the town lead a march to a nearby liquor shop to picket it.
In February 2002, the model was improved at the front and back, It had a new grille, new bonnet, new bumper and different headlamps and breaklights.
In February 2005, an optional writing test was added to the ACT, like changes to the SAT that took place later in March of the same year.
In February 2009, the duo staged a final appearance with Montecore as a benefit for the Lou Ruvo Brain Institute (though Chris Lawrence had stated this performance involved a different tiger).
In February 2012 he debuted in La Copa del Rey.
In February 2012, Rudd decided that he should again be leader of the Labor Party.
In February 2013, he began training as a firefighter and graduated from the Lake Tech Fire Academy in Tavares, Florida in June 2013.
In February 2013, they released a single called "Pompeii".
In February 2014, he made a guest appearance on the hidden camera show Impractical Jokers, standing in for one of the show's stars, Brian Quinn, during a challenge.
In February 2014, the Indian Psychiatric Society (IPS) said that homosexuality is not unnatural.
In February 2014, the show was extended to 2:00-5:00 p.m. ET.
In February 2015, Pachauri was accused and investigated for sexual harassment.
In February 2016, Taeyeon published "Rain" as the first single from SM Station.
In February 2020, seven schools within the original CCHA's Midwestern footprint announced they would start play in a new CCHA in the 2021–22 season.
Infections that hit the elderly when they are in hospital are one of the main concerns.
Inferno is a 1953 American romantic crime drama movie.
In ferns, the diploid sporophyte is much larger, but the haploid gametophyte is also a little plant that can grow for a long time.
In Figure 2.1 lateral inhibition sent by black cells A and C should make cell O lighter; in Figure 2.2 lateral inhibition sent by white cells A and C should make cell O darker.
In Finnish, the plural stringit, "strings", is used, as they are pants, not a "pant".
In fives, a ball is propelled against the walls of a special court using gloved or bare hands as though they were a racquet.
Information on Ido conferences (the section that says raporto is the report on the convention written in Ido).
In France, the most popular are the first, second and fourth categories.
In France, the story has probably been told for at least 700 years.
” in “free software” means freedom, not price.
In French, the country is called "La Perle des Antilles" (The pearl of the Antilles), because of its natural beauty.
In general, anosmia which has its cause in the brain cannot be treated.
In general, medical residents work less hours than surgical residents.
In general, most countries today do not stop people of a different race or sex from voting.
In general, to place things in an order.
In German it is called Ostfriesland.
In Germany,Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor died.
In Germany, it is mixed together with rye flour to make Sonnenblumenkernbrot (literally: sunflower whole seed bread), which is quite popular in German-speaking Europe.
In golf, a golfer plays a number of holes in a given order.
In Great Britain, carousels turn clockwise.
Ingredients: 1/2 pounds rib eye beef (thinly sliced),2 tablespoons soy sauce,2 teaspoons sesame oil,2 teaspoons crushed garlic,2 tablespoons brown sugar,1 tablespoon rice wine (sake), Pinch of black pepper and 1/2 piece of fresh kiwi, juice in a blender.
In Greece she rediscovers what she had been missing in England.
Ingrid is then put on trial, but Ingrid tells her lawyer not to call Astrid to the stand.
Ingrown hairs are also quite common and can become infected.
Inhabitants of Belgrade witnessed a Danube with dead fish floating on the surface.
Inhabitants of Christiania are called "Christianites".
In hard science, experiments have to be reproducible (if the experiment is done a second time, it will have to produce the same results as the first time).
In her comparison between the two disciplines, Kristeva claims that the way in which an individual excludes the abject mother as a means of forming an identity, is the same way in which societies are constructed.
In her dream, she was almost stabbed in the eye with a needle by a drug addict.
In her third movie she played her first title role (Man braucht kein Geld or No Money Needed).
In her young womanhood however, she has forsaken the company of men and has set up an all-female university.
In high school, Garnett was a 1995 McDonald's All-American at Farragut Career Academy and won a national player of the year award.
In High W.M. et al (eds) Rehabilitation for traumatic brain injury.
In his 1956 publication Statistical methods and scientific inference, he recommended that significant levels be set according to specific circumstances.
In his best-of-33-frames semi-final, Hunter established a 15–9 lead over Ken Doherty, however he only could win one of the next nine frames, and lost the match 16–17.
In his case, it can lead to not wanting help or not asking to be saved in deadly situations because he does not like someone.
In his early twenties, Boudin went to Paris to study painting.
In his first-ever game, Thompson made a shutout.
In his Gospel, he often mentions these teachings.
In his later life Grieg became famous, although never rich.
In his later years, Naismith became Professor Emeritus in Kansas and retired in 1937 at the age of 76. Including his years as coach, Naismith served as athletic director and faculty at the school for a total of almost 40 years.
In his letter to the Nobel Committee, Pasternak stated the reaction of the Soviet State was the only reason for his decision.
In his life, Trimble has worked in the newspaper business for over fifty years.
In his memoirs, General Omar Bradley called Bodyguard the "single biggest hoax of the war".
In his new life, he is known as Peter Banning, a successful but unimaginative and workaholic lawyer with a wife (Wendy's granddaughter) and two children.
In his normal state, Mario can take one hit from an enemy and kill most of the monsters with a stomp.
In his opinion, the best way to deal with terrorism was to strike before the terrorists could.
In his opinion the biggest problem of the blind was that they could not read.
In his opinion, these were the raw materials for the evolution of life.
In his place, Brian Wilde joined as Foggy Dewhurst.
In his retirement years Müller received many letters of support and offers of financial help (from Darwin, amongst others).
In his six seasons in the Major Leagues he was never a day-to-day player, usually coming off the bench just to pinch hit.
In his sophomore season, he threw for about 1,100 yards and 11 touchdowns as a first-year starter.
In his three years at Cambridge, his father died and left him a large sum of money.
In his time this mountain was in very bad shape, and everybody knew how it looked.
In honor of his fallen friend, Guerrero did his finishing move, the Frog Splash.
In hotels and public buildings, is usual to find "push" doors either side of a revolving door.
In Hubei alone, there were 24,953 cases of infections and 699 related deaths.
In humans, it irritates skin and eyes.
In Indian folklore, it is referred to as Darya, Sindhu Sagar, and Arab Samudra.
In Ireland he has had a number 1 album called Eoghan Quigg.
In Israel, by contrast, the dreidel reads "Po" instead of "shaam," meaning "here."
In issue 29 of the comic adaptation of The Stand, Richard Bachman appears as one of the top lieutenants of Randall Flagg.
In it, a new state was agreed upon, called the "
In it, both characters meet and participate in the adventures of each other.
In it he said, "Regardless of what happens to me in the future, it all can be placed on what you have done and, believe me, I appreciate it."
Initially founded in 1789 by anti-royalist deputies from Brittany, the club grew into a nationwide republican movement, with a membership estimated at a half million or more.
Initially he's a fabbricator of weapons until he discovers that terrorists used them to harm innocents.
Initially, he was financed by his supportive, fashionable mother - Rose.
Initially, the shouted repeating of the ordered fish began as a prank on one employee, but was enjoyed by customers, so it became a tradition.
In its simplest form, a star network consists of one central node, typically a switch or hub, which acts as a conduct to transmit messages.
In its time this building has been a prison, the “Shakespeare View Store”, the town’s Tourist Information Centre and now, a shop selling Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries.
In January 1801 Arnold's health began to decline.
In January 2000, he was actually named the Big Cheese.
In January 2003, the worm was released.
In January 2009, the main Waterford Crystal base was closed due to the lack of funds of Waterford Wedgwood PLC.
In January 2010, afternoon Non Stop was pushed back an hour, now running from 2pm to 5pm as a result of the expansion of Midi Ruth Elklief and the debut of BFM Story.
In January 2011, he went on to Red Bull Juniors but went at once to USK Anif on loan.
In January 2013, Nokia 3310 can renamed the released for Nokia 3310 2017 Edition can announced in schedule August 19, 2016.
In January 2016, Jenas officially confirmed about his retirement from football.
In January 2018, he was included in the list of players for auction in the 2018 Indian Premier League.
In January 2020, he was named CAF African Footballer of the Year.
In Japan, 1.97 million Super Smash Bros. CDs were sold, and 2.93 million Super Smash Bros. CDs have been sold in the United States.
In Japan, Dragon Ball Z did not receive a home video release until 2003, seven years after its broadcast.
In Japan, people were not able to make good hard ball those days.
In Japan, re-edited albums by label, albums by genre, and CD recurrences with the same paper jacket specifications at the time of release were released one after another.
In Japan the dried and powdered leaves of Zanthoxylum sancho are used to make noodle dishes and soups mildly hot and fragrant.
In jazz ensembles it is part of the rhythm section and is occasionally played as a solo instrument.
In J. Gregoire & C. Jungers (Eds.), The counselor’s companion: What every beginning counselor needs to know.
In July 1862, Lincoln made Halleck the general-in-chief of all Union armies.
In July 1865 Adam Lindsay Gordon performed the daring horse riding feat known as Gordon’s Leap on the edge of the Blue Lake.
In July 1954, France and the Viet Minh signed the Geneva Peace Accord.
In July 1994, he returned to Verdy Kawasaki.
In July 2002 he won the Caine Prize For African Writing for his short story "Discovering Home".
In July 2008 Jason married his highschool sweetheart, Morgan McKee.
In July 2008 the rare Euphrasia arguta was rediscovered in a State Forest near Nundle.
In July 2008, there were 25,026 people jobless.
In July 2012, he was arrested by Saudi police and shot in the leg.
In July 2013, A russian club named Lokomotiv Moscow which made a €12 million bid for firmino Hoffenheim captain Andreas Beck halied Firmino's development as "outstanding" in August 2013.
In July 2017, Lyca Productions announced that they would be making a film starring Nayanthara in the lead role, which would be directed by Nelson Dilipkumar.
In July, four Delaware Indian soldiers killed and scalped a school teacher and ten children in what is now Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
In July of that same same year, Theroux was hired to write the script.
In July, there are three days where teams do not play normal games, and a group of the best players play in the "
In June 1880 Ned Kelly came up with a plan to get his mother released from prison.
In June 1956, there was a workers strike, which was put down violently.
In June 1969, the Weathermen took over the SDS at its convention.
In June 1986, Boeing said that it was working on the 737-400.
In June 2005, the Glory Church of Jesus Christ, a Korean-American Christian church, bought the entire property and changed the name.
In June 2006, Banco Santander Central Hispano purchased almost 20% of Sovereign Bank.
In June 2008, his long commentary team with Jim Ross came to an end when Ross was drafted to SmackDown and Michael Cole was drafted to Raw.
In June 2009, the population of the city was 294,399.
In June 2011, Lang Lang became a global ambassador for Telefónica.
In June 2015, the FDA issued a final statement.
In June 2018, Fonsi released the single "Calypso", with Stefflon Don.
Injuries to the chest wall are also distinct from but may happen with lung injuries.
In just their second Paulista Championship, Corinthians destroyed the competition and won all 10 games, scoring 39 times in the process.
Inkheart is a book made in 2003 and has a film based on its content.
In Korean history, Han river played a central role.
In late 1989 he dissolved the E-Street Band and married Patti Scialfa.
In late 2009, NBC said that they would be moving the Jay Leno Show to 11:35 PM, the time usually slotted for The Tonight Show.
In late 2019, Fujifilm bought Hitachi's diagnostic business for US$1.63 billion.
In late April and May 2007, he had recovered enough to be able to take part in Super Junior’s strenuous dance routines.
In late February, however, he gave up the governorship, and was in the Senate from 1857 to 1861.
In late March, Gregory was suspended and George Burley came in as a temporary manager.
In later times, the panelists were sometimes buzzed when they were too close to the secret, or at a point that would get a laugh.
In later years, he insisted on being called a "midget" rather than a "dwarf". citation His height was 3 feet and 10 inches.
In later years, up until 1980, he led his own jazz band, for which he took up the trumpet again.
In late September 2012, NEC announced a return from IA-64 to the previous NOAH line of proprietary mainframe processors, now produced in a quad-core variant on 40 nm, called NOAH-6.
In late summer of 2010, Kissie tried to start a career in music by recording a song, called "Success".
Inline Hockey was first played in 1995.
In Logic, there are usually two different types of causes.
In London, the British government began to debate about Ireland's rule.
In Lorule, counterparts to Zelda, Link, and Ganondorf can be found.
In machines, bushes provide mechanical strength to the rotor.
Inman manages to not get hit and soon breaks free.
In many areas the tribes and cultures are mixed, most Pakistanis are Punjabi and most of the nation are Sunni Muslim.
In many cases, conjugated systems are a series of a single bonds each followed by a double bond.
In many cases, elderly people become less steady on their feet and if they fall they are at a greater risk of having serious injuries, such as breaking their hip, because of the more brittle condition of their bones.
In many cases, lisping is easy to treat using specialized therapy.
In many countries there are opportunities for school-age children who play instruments well to play in youth orchestras in their areas.
In many places owning cattle is a sign of wealth.
In many places the goz is waterless and can only be inhabited where there are water reservoirs or deep boreholes.
In many Protestant churches, the places where people gather for prayer and services are called chapels rather than churches.
In many scholarly fields, tertiary sources are not used for research.
In many towns of Europe a man dressed in bishop's robes comes on a horse or in a boat, acting as St. Nicholas.
In March 1643 Ormonde brought his troops to New Ross.
In March 1925, his second wife, Laura, succumbed to cancer.
In March 1945, the Red Army was very close to Ravensbrück.
In March 1996, Alig and his roommate, Robert D. "Freeze" Riggs, killed fellow Club Kid Andre "Angel" Melendez over a drug debt.
In March 2003 he lost his parliamentary seat during elections, denying him a chance at a second term.
In March 2004, the model was improved at the front and back, It had a new grille, new bonnet, new bumper and different headlamps.
In March 2006, shares of the company were first sold to the public.
In March 2006, S.M. Entertainment began to recruit new members for the next Super Junior generation.
In March 2007, Philipp was injured while practising a quadruple Lutz jump on the ice and was forced to not participate the 2007/2008 because of injury.
In March 2009, it was reported that 27 cubs had been born since the beginning of the program.
In March 2010 the FM station was sold to Gateway Creative Broadcasting.
In March 2010, the University was ranked 54th of the top public sector places to work.
In March 2015, Coats announced his retirement and said he would not run for re-election in 2016.
In March 20, 1852, the finished book came out.
In March 2018, Fransen was sent to jail for to 36 weeks after being found guilty of three counts of religiously aggravated harassment.
In March of 2020, PNW Journey began a campaign to support No Kid Hungry during the COVID-19 crisis.
In March, the United States Food and Drug Administration gave doctors permission to give hydroxychloroquine to COVID-19 patients.
In: Martini I.P. et al (eds) Peatlands: evolution and records of environmental and climate changes.
In Mary Shelley's life, her romances led her father to disown her.
In match play he was the best of his day: he won 24 matches running until Lasker beat him.
In mathematics, various brackets are used for various purposes.
In May 1833 the Convention of Kutahya was signed.
In May 1865, Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn were made "outlaws"; they could be killed by anyone at anytime.
In May 1944, because of the May 28 "Glorious Revolution", he was named Supreme Chief of the Republic and was later named Constitutional President by the Constituent Assembly.
In May 1993, Hansen joined NBC News as a correspondent for the newsmagazine Now with Tom Brokaw and Katie Couric.
In May 1997 he was appointed to the Trial Division of the Supreme Court of Victoria, and in October 1998 to the Court of Appeal.
In May 2001, Microsoft launch the 9 device for Vodafone running Pocket PC 2000, is Vodafone L87, L89 and L98, In August 15, 2001, the Vodafone L87 is running for the Windows CE 3.0 officially.
In May 2007 Trip the Light Fantastic, Ellis-Bextor's third album, was released.
In May 2008, the Dutch company 2waytraffic bought the license for the international format.
In May 2012 it was the first private company to send a cargo to the ISS, and it returned.
In May 2014 he became a father again, to twin boys named Leo and Lenny.
In May 2014, it had over 2.1 million subscribers.
In May 2017, The series was renewed for a second season, and it was released on May 18, 2018, along with a second 13 Reasons Why: Beyond the Reasons special.
In Memoriam A.H.H. was a poem by Tennyson, written in memory of his best friend Arthur Hallam.
In memory yet green.
In Mesoamerica, the end of this phase was at ca. 8,000 BC.
In mid-1931, he was elected the governor for Nuevo León from October 4, 1931 to October 4, 1935.
In Minato Mirai, there are a lot of places for sightseeing.
In Minecraft, players explore a blocky world filled with various 3D items.
In modern Poland, the full title is Marshal of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland (lang).
In modern times, London is one of the world's most important political, economic and cultural centers.
In modern times they were replaced by bevel gear.
In modern usage, an octet and a byte are the same.
In modern usage, the term manor or manor house is often used, especially outside Europe, to mean simply either a country house or indeed any other house considered to resemble one, without any reference to age or to the historical sense of the term.
In Moscow's Metro, a stray dog's life is pretty cushy, and zoologists notice.
In most cases, division is now represented using other ways, often by a forward slash ( / ), also known as "solidus".
In most cases, the first seizure happens within the first few days after birth.
In most cases, the historical use of bloodletting was harmful to patients.
; (in most cases the Miniature Poodle or Toy Poodle), or by breeding a Cockapoo with another Cockapoo.
In most cases, these are external gills, visible as tufts on either side of the head.
In most cases, the team with the most runs wins the game.
In most countries, this age is 18 years.
In most homeopathic drugs, there is not a molecule left of the substance they started out with. citation Homeopaths believe that the solution carries a "memory" of the original substance.
In most places, the iPhone is only allowed with carriers (cellphone service providers) that Apple has an agreement with.
In most radioactivity, the entire mass of something does not get changed to energy.
In most species the birds all nest together in a huge group, called a rookery.
In multi-stage races, the GC leader will watch break-aways carefully if there is a rider close to him in the general classification.
In Narre Warren there were several fires.
In nature, it is found in most ants.
In nature it often climbs up a nearby tree.
In nature, most animals blend into their environment or conceal their shape.
In Navajo, sentences are arranged as subject-object-verb although they can be arranged in other ways too.
In negative feedback, the hormone's effect makes a gland stop making hormones.
In Nelson's Fishes of the World, the eagle rays are a subfamily, and are joined by the manta rays and the eagle rays.
In newspaper caricatures from the early 1900s, Gimnasia was accordingly depicted as a "butcher", instead of the current "wolf".
In Niger, many of the people who practice traditional religions have mixed some beliefs from Islam into their religions.
In nihongo, the story is told from Gin's point of view.
In normal psychedelic mushrooms, psilocybin makes up about 1% of their weight.
In normal strata, the later strata are laid down on earlier strata in horizontal layers.
In Norse cosmology, Vanaheimr is considered one of the Nine Worlds.
In North America and Europe, it was called the Hyundai XG.
In North America and in Europe, people usually eat three meals a day.
In North America a similarly traditional dish is split pea soup.
In North America, basketball has produced some of the most-admired athletes of the 20th century.
In North America, it is published as a weekly newspaper, combining articles from the Friday edition with a roundup from the rest of the week.
In November 1967, he became the Metropolitan Archbishop of Dhaka.
In November 2001, Santos obtained Japanese citizenship.
In November 2003, however, rumours emerged that the Labour Party would allow Livingstone to rejoin, just ahead of the 2004 London mayoral election.
In November 2005, Toyota company officials announced the company's withdrawal from American open-wheel racing and the immediate discontinuation of its IRL program.
In November 2012, EXO won an award as Best New Group of Asian Artists in 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards.
In November 2013, the band performed at the 2013 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
In November, migrating is Crook (joins Grandparents of Nothingness) and its place is Sergio Dawi.
In November of 1776 the British gained control of New Jersey and forced Washington to flee into Pennsylvania.
In October 1971, the Spanish company CASA took 4.2% of Airbus Industrie.
In October 2006, North Korea said that it tested one of its nuclear bombs.
In October 2009, after being purchased by Russian businessman Alexander Lebedev, the paper ended a 180-year history of paid circulation and became a free newspaper.
In October 2017, Xenophon resigned from the Australian Senate to contest a seat in the House of Assembly at the 2018 South Australian state election.
In October 2020, China selected 18 new astronauts ahead of space station construction to participate in the country's space station project.
In October 2020, he revealed himself to be the anonymous writer of the essay "
In older books, these names might be written "Chu Yuan-chang" and "Hung-woo T‘i".
In old times, most of the Kanjar people used to live in jungles or forests.
In Orange Township, Garfield attended school, a predecessor of the Orange City Schools.
In order to bring back his brother, Edward did his own transmutation, giving away his arm for Alphonse.
In order to detect changes in the environment organisms need receptors.
In order to do this, they must stay moist, and do so by lubricating their skin with glands along their bodies.
In order to exist between the Communist Party, leading the left, and the Gaullist Party, leading the country, the SFIO, Radicals, and left wing republican groups created the Federation of the Democratic and Socialist Left under Mitterrand's leadership.
In order to lose weight, one must consume less calories and move more.
In order to make the statement correct with a negative number, one must reverse the direction of the inequality symbol.
In order to preserve the view of the original building from Anzac Parade, ANZAC Hall was designed to be sunk into the grounds below, and hidden behind a wall.
In order to test the effectiveness of a script, actors will do a first reading of it.
In order to win the war, Lenin began a plan to divert food and supplies to the Communist Army.
In ordinary Roman calendar, the common year had 355 days and the leap year (one year after the common year) had 378 days.
Inorganic solvents are used in research chemistry and in a few technological processes.
In other cases, cables are pulled to cause a limb to bend in the desired direction.
In other data warehouse modeling schemes, the data warehouse generally stores "a single version of the truth", data that does not conform to the business rules is removed.
In other major parties, there was one candidate or all strong candidates but one were eliminated.
In other parts of the world Thursday is said to be the fourth day of the week.
In others, different threads control the operation, but they execute the same code.
In other species their corms simply grow larger in most seasons.
In other words, a signal via the nervous system (taste) was affecting immune function.
In other words, God can lift the unliftable mountain because he is all powerful, but he chooses not to be able to, and so he chooses to cut his own power, because he is able.
In other words, human society has always been based on the economic forces that human beings can control.
In other words, In re Gault ruled that every juvenile court in the country had to follow the Fourteenth Amendment.
In other words, it made sexual activity between homosexuals legal in every state in America.
In other words, 'sham' or '
In other words the single cell doubles its DNA and divides into two cells.
In other words, we were to keep a careful watch for the approach of anyone who did not know the secret, and above all for any SS men moving about in the area.
In other words, when the atmosphere is warm, there is more water vapour.
In Outcast, the Tribe of Rushing Water is in danger from another band of cats in the mountains.
In Pakistan he has considerable importance.
In Pandalam, male literacy rate was 97.84% while female literacy rate was 95.80%.
In particular, B. brydei and B. edeni may be sister species.
In particular, they are not to be used for purposes of self-diagnosis, much less for self-medication.
In Part II, Lady Rectitude says she will help Christine "construct the houses and buildings inside the walls of the City of Ladies" and fill it with inhabitants who are "valiant ladies of great renown".
In past years female gamers had only made up a small part of the final amount of gamers.
In period of Japanese occupation, it made an effort to lead Korea's Independence Movement against Japanese colonial rule and expand it's congregation.
"In Pieces was just time to smile.
In place of a winnowing basket a colandar can be used.
In places it was used until the 18th or 19th century.
In Plan 9, all system interfaces, including those required for networking and the user interface, are represented through the file system rather than specialized interfaces.
In Planet of Fire, Turlough left and returned to his home planet Trion.
In Platinum, however, Team Galactic plans to get both legendaries of time and space, causing an enraged Giratina, the third Sinnoh deity who represents dimensions, chaos, and death.
In poetry, meter (
In polls and surveys, he is recognized as one of the most important and influential American musical artists in history.
In Ponzi schemes, the schemer basically says, "I found a great way to make money fast.
In popular culture Hirsch is best known for his work on cultural literacy, citation and is the founder and chairman of the Core Knowledge Foundation.
In practice, attempts to create utopias seem doomed, as good intentions run against problems.
In practice, however, the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second should compensate for the effects of the ambient temperature (
In practice most unitary authorities in the UK are not entirely unitary, as they often run some services on a joint basis with other authorities, these typically include policing, fire services, and sometimes waste disposal and public transport.
In practice there are variations, such as shoving an opponent running with the ball into touch (out of the field of play).
In: PRAXIS The Fletcher Journal of Development Studies, Volume XVII pp1-11.
In preparation for the miniseries, Mazin visited the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone. citation Mazin also did not cast any American actors, as that could potentially pull the audience out of the story.
In previous years, it marked the Port of London Authority's seaward limit.
In primary monsoon season and rain forests, Naja atra inhabits clearings and riverbanks.
In Prisoner of the Judoon, one was seen chasing an Androvax.
In privacy by design, the engineers build the system so that it keeps information private starting at the beginning instead of building the system and then adding privacy protection later.
In programming, a boolean can be used with conditional statements (statements that only happen when the right condition is met).
In psychophysical terms, the size difference between A and C is above the just noticeable difference ('jnd') while the size differences between A and B and B and C are below the jnd.
In Queen of Angels Bear examines crime, guilt and punishment in society.
In recent years bottle caps with screw on mounts are used that way, a bottle opener is no longer required.
In recent years, however, this series appears to have been discontinued.
In recent years the company focused on leadership in software and hardware.
In recent years, young people have been using roller skates or roller blades to get around the island.
In response, Aboriginal families moved to settle around these camps.
In response Edward led his army into East Anglia and destroyed the countryside.
In return, he is allowed to live without paying any rent in a Mossad safehouse.
In return, Merter announced that no Koska product without the image of the "Helvacı Dede" (Grandpa Helvacı) is genuine Koska.
In R. Frost & L. Katz (eds) Orthography, phonology, morphology and meaning.
In RLE runs of data (that is, sequences in which the same data value occurs in many consecutive data elements) are stored as a single data value and count, rather than as the original run.
In Robert Graves' 1934 book I, Claudius, the fictional Caligula does make the fictional Incitatus a senator and gives him an ivory trough to eat out of. citation This is one of the ways Graves shows that Caligula has become mentally unstable.
In "Sấm Trạng Trình" (The Prophecies of Trạng Trình), poet Nguyen Binh Khiêm (1491–1585) reversed the traditional order of the syllables and put the name in its modern form: "Vietnam is being created" (lang).
In San Cristóbal de las Casas, many neighborhoods were damaged by the flooding Amarillo and Fogótico rivers.
In schools where more students are rich, poorer students have been insulted for the old-style or tattered clothes they wore.
In school they offer software to learn the alphabet and other details.
In Season 6 (2021), Space In Heck on VOD. while Theo kidnapped by unknown alien called (Cratos) by to searches an outer space, an military forces and government has to take down an alien forces where the Theo hidden.
In Seasons 10 and 11, teams would start the next leg "Marked for Elimination".
In season six Leo says that the Republicans have been "out of power for eight years", and Republicans at their convention say "eight (years) is enough".
In Seattle, Washington, Nikolas Fernandez, 31, drove his car into a group of protesters and shot one man.
Insects that have complete metamorphosis have four life stages.
In September 1954, Yanta District was set up.
In September 1971 he expelled 105 Soviet diplomats, who were spying.
In September 1979, Jackson started acting in A New Kind of Family.
In September 1989, she was one of the four people who wrote the "Letter from Weimar".
In September 2002, Winter made RSS 2.0, the next major version of RSS.
In September 2005, Ferrari signed an extension of their sponsorship arrangement with Marlboro until 2011.
In September 2008, the show's anchor team was changed completely.
In September 2009 participated, next to Juanes and other internationally acclaimed artists, in "Concierto por la Paz" at Plaza de la Revolucion in La Habana, Cuba.
In September 2010, Coach 15 visited the L&B with the Lew replica engine, Lyd.
In September 2010, drummer Mike Portnoy left Dream Theater, and was replaced by Mike Mangini.
In September 2011, Blanchette was named an assistant-coach of the national team of Canada.
In September 2018, Rheal Fortin and the rest of Quebec Debout rejoined the Bloc Quebecois.
In September 2020, he became a manager as Thorsten Fink successor.
In September he replacesd Lin Jihua to become the director, which is normally occupied by the CPC General Secretary's trusted person.
In September, things got worse.
In Series 2, Mrs Wormwood returns, kiddnapping Luke.
In several waves they moved to Italy and elsewhere (also overseas) and claimed Italian or other citizenship.
In Shaivism pilgrimage tradition, twelve major temples of Shiva are called Jyotirlinga, which means "linga of light", and these are located across India.
Inside a fursuit, it can be difficult to see and hear.
Inside each pipe is a laser which measures any change in length.
Inside the church are valuable structures, such as the neo-Gothic main altar.
Inside the fish is a coin.
Inside the jelly are hundreds of baby parasites called tomites.
Inside these islands are a further seven islands that are Dutch territory.
Inside the whole is a hollow column containing the stairs.
In "Sid", the fifth episode of the season, Cassie tries to kill herself after Sid cancels a date they planned, so that he could be with Michelle Richardson.
In simple terms, functional isomers are structural isomers that have different functional groups like alcohol and ether.
In Singapore, it is officially known as the Tuas Second Link.
In Smythe's memoirs, he later regretted demoting a player to the minors for getting married, without naming the player.
In some cases, accupuncture was successfully used to treat anosmia.
In some cases, a person may be allowed to file for their own Green Card without a sponsor.
In some cases, especially in phases 1 and 2, his left eye is a dark red or grey colour.
In some cases, however, "Not" is not acceptable, and vice versa.
In some cases in Sharia-based family courts, a female's testimony is worth half a man's. citation Codified family law was introduced in 2006.
In some cases it is possible for a student who has failed to take the exam again another time.
In some cases, teams attacking tanks with RPGs will have multiple RPG users fire at the same tank, which may penetrate the armour.
In some cases, the championship would be decided the moment the points leader took the green flag to start the race - effectively clinching enough championship points by finishing last or better.
In some cases, the embryo or fetus remains inside the womb.
In some cases, there are more variables than equations, and the solution will be a range of different values rather than one exact solution.
In some cases this mark is considered to be the mark of God applied to his chosen few.
In some chordates, it persists throughout life as the main support down the length of the body.
In some classifications, the family Cyematidae of bobtail snipe eels is included in the Anguilliformes, but in the FishBase system that family is included in the order Saccopharyngiformes.
In some cultures, a person has a one-part name, such as "ShiningWater."
In some cultures, people use names when they call each other.
In some cultures, personal names come from history.
In some cultures, the handshake is firm, in others it is gentle.
In some houses the toilet is in the bathroom, and in other houses it is separate.
In some mammals they are weapons of attack and defence.
In some markets it is sold as the ix35, but the ix35 name is expected to be dropped.
In someone with hypercholesterolemia, the benefit from statins is more than the risk.
In some people, the brain can create other, less direct pathways (like detours).
In some pieces with a large orchestra a contrabassoon is used.
In some places this is a wide plain.
In some report series, for example in England and Australia, volumes are not numbered independently of the year.
In some scriptures, Kashyapa is considered to be her father.
In some settings, Medical Social Workers work closely with public and private health insurers to determine the patient’s benefits and advocate for the patient.
In some species, birds may preen each other as either a friendship behavior or courting behavior.
In some species the eggs develop directly into adults; in others the tadpole stage is spent in the water pool of a large tropical tree leaf.
In some spider species males and females mimic different ant species, as female spiders are usually much larger than males.
In some state parliaments the FDP is still in power as junior partner of the CDU.
In some systems precedent is not binding but is taken into account by the courts.
In Sotah 10b, Samael is Esau's guardian angel.
In Sparta, he served as a strategic adviser, proposing or supervising several major campaigns against Athens.
In species where the hectocotylus is missing, the penis is long and able to extend beyond the mantle cavity and transfers the spermatophores directly to the female.
In spintronics the electron spin of just a few electrons in a material are made to align in one direction by briefly applying a very large magnetic field.
In spoken English, this reads: "the set of all x such that x is a natural number and x is less than four".
In Spring 2009, Silverstein released their fourth full length album, Shipwreck in the Sand.
Installing a flood detection system in your home also helps to prevent flooding.
Installing more than one antivirus is not a good idea.
In standard English, the words could be "Hit the road, Jack, and don't come back again" or "Hit the road, Jack, and don't come back anymore"
In standard, written, American English, the word "and" is not in the word-name of any whole number even though many speakers insert it.
Instant messaging applications began to appear in the 1970s on multi-user operating systems like UNIX, initially to facilitate communication with other users logged in to the same machine, then on the local network, and subsequently across the Internet.
Instead a compendium is used to look up facts.
Instead, Egypt controlled the small Gaza Strip while Jordan controlled the West Bank and Eastern Jerusalem.
Instead, he had a royal ceremonial funeral.
Instead he worked on making Normandy stronger.
Instead it uses the burrows of the rodents it kills.
Instead, it was thought water must have been delivered to Earth from the outer Solar System later in its history.
Instead, Martin decided on a double-A-sided-disc.
Instead, muscular air sacs push the air forward through bird lungs.
Instead of €3.57 it would be €3,57.
Instead of being in the same order as the swifts, the hummingbirds were made into an order that only included themselves, Trochiliformes.
Instead of circling just one atom, the electron now circles around two.
Instead of giving them their own room, as Sharikov demands, the Professor takes the woman aside and explains that Sharikov is the product of a lab experiment gone horribly wrong.
Instead of laying eggs, the females give birth to live young (
Instead of making models that looked exactly like things, the first origami models only looked similar to things.
Instead of ordering the states to de-segregate right away, the Court created a slower plan.
Instead of the Chinese or silver vessels favoured by his contemporaries, his tableware is very basic pottery.
Instead, Pompey waited Caesar's troops out, attempting to starve them by cutting off Caesar's supply lines.
Instead, Simcoe was asked to replace Robert Rogers as the commander of the Queen's Rangers.
Instead, the snow or ice is already on the ground, being lifted by strong winds.
Instead, they help experts at their organisation to write about the things they know.
Instead, they use the machinery and metabolism of a host cell to produce many copies of themselves, and they assemble (put together) in the cell.
Instead they use vi, almost exclusively, as the singular form of you, or the plural form - you all.
Instead, this player is watching from the side.
Instead, with the reluctant agreement of his cabinet, de Valera assembled a team of delegates to go in his place.
Institute of Geological & Nuclear Sciences, Information Series no.
Institute of Political Studies, Rector of Collegium Civitas in Warsaw.
In Story Mode, the player plays through the game's story.
Instructional Resources Corporation.
Instruments could be divided into quiet ones which were used indoors, and loud ones which were used outside.
Instruments used are bass guitar, drums and vocals.
In such a case, a canonical form consists in the choice of a specific object in each class.
In such case the subordinates will always feel this trust and demonstrate their best skills and abilities in their work.
In such species, the shape of their shell often grows to precisely match the contours of the rock surrounding the scar.
In summer 15 AD, the army visited the site of the first battle.
In Switzerland, interrogation rooms look like this one.
In Switzerland it is sometimes called Swiss German.
In synchronization, time and order are important.
Intaglio (engraved) showing a Ptolemaic queen, 1st century BC.
In Tahiti (in the Society group) – was claimed by the French in 1768.
In Taiwan, Mo published several collections of poetry.
In Teichert and Moore (eds) Treatise on invertebrate paleontology.
Intel wanted to make a large effort in creating IA-64 in the expectation that the resulting processor would be used by most enterprise systems.
Interaction with an external electric field (see Stark effect).
Interestingly, bats also use their thumbs to clean their ears.
Interest in the relationship between psychiatric syndromes or symptoms and immune function has been a consistent theme since the beginning of modern medicine.
Interim Guidelines for Pregnant Women During a Zika Virus Outbreak - United States, 2016.
Interior decorator Herman Schrijver, who had decorated the home of the prince's future wife, Wallis Simpson, worked on the Fort's interiors in 1935.
Interjections are words that do not fit normal grammar rules.
Interlingue looks a lot like languages in the Romance language family: French, Spanish, Italian, and so on.
Intermediates usually stay around for a little time because they are very reactive.
Intermezzo (Invention on a Key (D minor)): This interlude leads to the finale.
In terms of public transport, the town is serviced by Acadian Bus Lines, which stops at the Lower Main Market not far off the highway.
Internal abscesses are more difficult to find.
International Airport is 175 kilometres away.
International Aviculturists Society.
International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS).
International Dance Publications Ltd. p9, puts it like this (after taking a step to side) "Transfer full weight to this foot allowing the pelvis to move sideways and back so that the weight is felt to be near the heel of the standing foot.
International Dendrology Society Yearbook 1993: 43–46.
International Foundation for the Development of Alternatives Dossier, 77, May-June, 71-85.
International Police Cooperation: A World Perspective, ed. Daniel J. Koenig, Dilip K. Das (Lanham, MD: Lexington Books, 2001), pp. 38-41 They work in close cooperation with police chiefs to exchange methods and ideas.
International Studies in the Philosophy of Science pp195-210.
International trade has existed throughout history.
Internet Explorer 4.5 offered new features such as easier 128-bit encryption.
Internet Explorer does not include any native scripting functionality.
Internet Explorer has introduced an array of proprietary extensions to many of the standards, including HTML, CSS, and the DOM.
Internet Explorer is fully configurable using Group Policy.
Internet filters most often work by stopping certain words being used.
Interpreters consult documents in an interpreters’ booth.
In Territorial Control, the goal is to take over the entire map by capturing "territories".
Intersectionality points out that people are often othered for more than one reason.
Intersex people may not feel the need to identify themselves at all in their lifetimes, preferring to maintain ambiguity.
Interstate 680 goes through Concord.
Interstate 74 was convert long as of October 31, 2018.
Intervals can be separated by how they act at their ends.
Interviews with some of the cricket players and other people were also shown on the internet.
In that case, the dancers take just one step on each beat.
In that case the predator will reject it so long as the prey advertises its defence.
In that month (May) he climbs from place 43 to place 38 in the world rankings.
In that period, in the Call for Subscriptions to the Croatian Grammar (8 December, 1851) he stated his opposition to the Vienna Language Agreement of 1850 and the linguistic concept of Vuk Stefanović Karadžić.
In that position, Grayson oversaw price controls.
In that record, his name appears as “Peter Browen".sfnchecksfncheck Sometime after the Division of Land, he married the widow Martha Ford.
In that season, he made an impressive 30 appearances and scored 5 goals.
In that state, they are less aware and less able to take flight, so there is a greater risk of predators.
In that very same skating season, she dominated North American, European, and World championships, and did this all at a young age.
In that year he was on place one in the world rankigs.
In that year the 15th and the last shogun named Ashikaga Yoshiaki was forced to leave the capital Kyōto.
In the 12th century Pavia acquired the status of a self-governing commune.
In the 15th century, the names Oberbettringen (upper Bettringen) and Unterbettringen (lower Bettringen) are found in documents.
In the 15th century, the term nap refers to a pile given to the cloth.
In the 1600s, the people who made recorders tried new ways to make them sound better.
In the 16th Century, the rights of the lower classes were abolished.
In the 1800s, casein glues were invented and made in German and Swiss factories.
In the 1800s, wearing cosmetics made people think a woman had bad character, so people from that time would pinch their cheeks to make them red.
In the 1840s, China tried to stop them and the British started a war.
In the 1850s there was a lot of political unrest in the country.
In the 1870 census there were 355 people living in the county.
In the 18th century Metastasio was a very famous librettist.
In the 1900s, the dresses worn by Western women had more types than other years.
In the 1900 US presidential election campaign, the issue of Imperialism became a "straw man" issue when President McKinley accepted his party's nomination.
In the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s it was home to some of the biggest boxing, wrestling and roller derby events.
In the 1930s this was forbidden by the Italian Government, but in 1980 a mask-makers shop was set up in Venice again.
In the 1942 Quit India Movement, Patel continued his unwavering support to Gandhi when several contemporary leaders criticized the latter’s decision.
In the 1950s, he continued to have success in films such as The Flame and the Arrow (1950), Jim Thorpe -- All-American (1951), The Crimson Pirate (1952), From Here to Eternity (1953), The Rose Tattoo (1955), and The Devil's Disciple (1959).
In the 1950s his singles did not sell very well so he left Decca.
In the 1950's the Axel Springer Verlag bought the newspaper.
In the 1950s there was tension between the eastern and western halves of Pakistan.
In the 1950s, Wood became a teen idol.
In the 1953-1958 administration, very important institutions are created.
In the 1960s, she began a solo career.
In the 1960’s through the 1970s, the population of Hong Kong had increased immensely alongside the sudden explosion of Hong Kong’s economy.
In the 1960s waxing products became available.
In the 1970s and 1980s as his writing career began to take off, Carver taught for several years at universities throughout the United States.
In the 1970s, Brady hosted several television shows including Moneymakers, Casino Ten, Password, Get the Message, and Everybody’s Talking.
In the 1970s, glass-ceramic stoves began appearing.
In the 1970s, it started to develop as a large scale housing area.
In the 1970s, many Turks moved to other countries, like Germany, to escape the bad economy at the time and to get better jobs.
In the 1970s, the first factory buildings were built in Linx, the license was acquired and henceforth only own houses were built.
In the 1970s, Wright joined the Vanguard Unionist Progressive Party, and was elected as its Chairman.
In the 1971–72 campaign, Adams contributed with four goals in all 38 games to help Nîmes to a best-ever second place, also winning the Cup of the Alps. citation He added a career-best nine in 1973–74, for a final ninth position.
In the 1980's a large housing development called "Riverside Park" added hundreds of houses.
In the 1980s, Lawrence's economy grew.
In the 1990s it was found to be a barred spiral galaxy.
In the 1990s, Törni's name became more and more well-known as a martial war hero.
In the 1997 General Election, the Conservatives were defeated in a landslide and lost all of their Scottish and Welsh seats.
In the 19th century, a British officer was said to have killed 1,500 elephants.
In the 19th century Goslar lost its economic base.
In the 1st century AD, the Apostle Paul spent over three years in Ephesus and he sermonized many times, disapproving pagan worship, in this theater.
In the 2001 census of India, Gangawati had a population of 93,249.
In the 2002 census, the city had a population of 296,905.
In the 2002 Queen's Birthday Honours, Radcliffe was awarded an MBE. citation citation http://berlin.
In the 2006 census, there were 2,230 people living on the APY Lands.
In the 2009–10 Bundesliga season Schalke won both matches.
In the 2010/11 season they finished second only one point behind Admira/Wacker Mödling.
In the 2010 season, he starting growing a beard, which he kept after the Giants won the World Series.
In the 2011 census, the town had a population of 11,775.
In the 2011 NFL Draft the 49ers drafted Kaepernick in the second round with the 36th overall pick.
In the 2012 cartoon series, April is a teenager who is rescued by the Turtles and later is given some basic training in being a ninja by Splinter.
In the 2019-2020 season with Liverpool he won the Premier League title and FIFA Club World Cup.
In the 2019 General Election she was re-elected in her Maidenhead constituency.
In the 20th century, all children were required to go to school.
In the 20th century, many virtuoso works were written.
In the 20th century the term came to mean bad, crude art, lacking thought.
In the 21st century, antifeminists believe that feminism is not about rights for women, but is about taking away the rights of men.
In the 21st century, Everett has been writing.
In the 21st century Jubaland was again created.
In the 52nd chapter of his 35th book, he gives a detailed description.
In the 9th century, the Cholas and the Pandyas defeated Pallavas.
In the advertisement, Brown offered a reward of 10 pounds to whoever found and returned Attucks to him.
In the ancient Karur.
In the arrondissement of Bergerac, there is only one canton where not all its "communes" are in the arrondissement: Périgord central.
In the arrondissement of Sarlat-la-Canéda, there are two cantons where their "communes" are in different arrondissements: Haut-Périgord Noir and Périgord Central.
In the arts, personification means representing a non-human thing as if it were human.
In the "Atomic" version, a new game play mode was introduced: Duke Tag, a "capture the flag" style mode.
In the autumn of 1825 the Emperor sailed to the south of Russia due to the increasing illness of his wife.
In the autumn of 2013, Tesak was indicted again for releasing new videos featuring racist remarks.
In the Balkans, Greece, the Middle East, and Africa, the show premiered on March 8, 2014.
In the battle, he kills the witch.
In the battle of Kotah ki Serai in which their army was defeated Rani Lakshmibai was wounded and died on 18th June 1858.
In the beginning of her career, she worked for Amazon, BskyB, and Merrill Lynch.
In the beginning of this war, Russia did not want to help the Romanians with the war.
In the book, Pogge says that the poorest 46 percent of people have 1.2 percent of global income, and 826 million of them do not have enough to eat.
In the books, Harry's scar serves as an indicator of Voldemort's presence: it burns when the Dark Lord is near or feeling particularly murderous or exultant.
In the book, the author repeatedly talks about the conflict between Israel and the Amalekites, a conflict that began during the exodus and continued through Israel's history.
In the book, Watson explained that behaviorists were starting to believe psychological care and analysis was required for infants and children.
In the border between the two, the electrons from the N-Type fill the holes in the P-type.
In the bottom box, a large proportion of the population have been immunized; this prevents the illness from spreading significantly, including to unimmunized people.
In the Boys' combined event in alpine skiing, two gold medals were awarded for a first place tie.
In the British tradition there is a distinction between general degrees, and honour degrees or special degrees.
In the Broadway show Once On This Island, Erzulie is one of the 4 main gods that guide and influence the main character.
In the Cáhuil zone are at least 46 birds species.
In the 'cakes and wine' ritual and the symbolic 'great rite' ritual, the chalice is used to symbolize the female vagina.
In the Camotes Islands, which is part of Cebu, Cebuano language is spoken in the towns of Tudela, Pilar and San Francisco.
In the car park for part of the year there is a fun fair.
In the case of Andrew Jackson Smith the Medal was not authorized until 2001.
In the case of social security plans, pensions are usually linked to the life of the person who receives the pension.
In the case of some drugs, the metabolism occurs within the gut before even reaching the liver.
In the case of the tea, the room was a closed system; no energy could enter it.
In the cave called the "cathedral"
In the central Pacific, one tropical storm, one hurricane, and one major hurricane formed.
In the central Pacific, two tropical storms and two tropical depressions formed.
In the classic version of the spin, both arms are used to hold up the leg.
In the comic book, season 10 is released in 2012.
In the course of the legal battle, Sompote presented photos of himself sharing his photos of Thai Buddhist stating that Eiji had based Ultraman's face on the said structure, a claim which he has continued to hold since the dispute began.
In the Cronquist system, the family was placed near the family Rhamnaceae in order Rhamnales.
In the Da Capo section the singer usually improvised, adding many embellishments and ornaments.
In the diagram, one characteristic (e.g., "up" spin) is drawn in red, and its mate (e.g., "down" spin) is drawn in blue.
In the district of Gifhorn there are 41 local communities.
In the Dominican Republic, only Spanish is spoken (except for groups of immigrants) even if Haitian Creole is gaining importance because the massive immigration from Haiti.
In the doubles he lost, too.
In the Duma of 1915, the progressive block was the strongest parliamentary opposition.
In the earliest adventure movies, the main character was usually male.
In the early 1470s Lorenzo de' Medici gave him the job of designing the tomb of Lorenzo's father Piero and uncle Giovanni.
In the early 1700s, the number of bald eagles were 300,000–500,000, citation but by the 1950s there were only 412 nesting pairs in the United States.
In the early 1940s, Dr. Rosenthal worked on improving the ability of victims of severe burns to survive.
In the early 1950s Klemperer experienced difficulties arising from his U.S. citizenship.
In the early 1960s Panopoulos started offering pizzas, recently popular in the USA. citation In 1962 he had the idea to add canned pineapple to pizza.
In the early 1980s, the band toured all over the United States, Europe, and Australia.
In the early 1990s, a number of collaborations took place and the band put on small shows among the "Hexagon Sun" collective.
In the early 19th century, there were two political groups in Germany.
In the early 200s BC, at the instigation of the Seleucid Empire, which was trying to weaken the Armenian kingdom, Tsopk, along with Commagene, split from Greater Armenia, forming the Hellenistic kingdom of Tsopk-Commagene.
In the early twenty-first century, Austen fans support an industry of printed sequels and prequels.
In the east is Roosevelt Island.
In the eighteenth-century cult of "Primitivism" the noble savage, uncorrupted by the influences of civilization, was considered more worthy, more authentically noble than the contemporary product of civilized training.
In the Eilabun massacre, fourteen men were killed, and twelve of them were executed.
In the Encyclopedia of Food Microbiology, Michael Gaenzle writes: "The origins of bread-making are so ancient that everything said about them must be pure speculation.
In the end Clinton was impressed that we had managed not only to oust Boutros-Ghali but to have Kofi Annan selected to replace him.
In the end Judas despairs.
In the end, only ice remains, and all air goes away.
In the end, Orton hit the RKO on Triple H over an announce table, and Triple H could not answer the ten-count.
In the end, the group's dangerous lifestyle costs a life of a loved one.
In the end, the Widow Douglas adopts Huck Finn.
In the end they are able to rescue only 1 cardinal and the antimatter is lifted into the sky where it explodes harmlessly.
In the example above, "main" come from bank account number "31926819".
In the extreme case of starvation, the breakdown of cellular components promotes cellular survival by maintaining cellular energy levels.
In The Faceless Ones, they return to 1966 London.
In the fall of 2020, she is scheduled to start at Elvebakken Upper Secondary School in Oslo.
In the federal government the CSU always joins with the CDU.
In the fight, Beowulf discovers Grendel has hypersensitive hearing, which is why he attacks Hrothgar's celebrations (the noise from the mead hall is painful to him).
In the final battle with Terrence and Duchess, the player can change between Mac and Bloo at any time.
In the final preseason game, Brown returned an interception for a touchdown.
In the final Vergeer and Walraven lost just two games as they defeated van Koot and Griffioen to claim their third consecutive Grand Slam title.
In the first book, Bella uses him to find out about the Cullens.
In the first chapter Amos says that God will punish many of the nations around Israel.
In the first part of the flight, the captain was in the left seat, while first officer Bonin was in the right seat.
In the first two examples above, the 'trip' and the 'book' are the direct objects.
In the first two examples, most healthy unimmunized people become infected, whereas in the bottom example only one fourth of the healthy unimmunized people become infected.
In the first two seasons, there were only three teams, but now, there are thirty-one.
In the first year of government, she served as acting prime minister for 69 days citation while Rudd was overseas.
In the following centuries it greatly increased in size through collections of books donated by benefactors and through books received through legal deposit.
In the following years Ali's governors could not prevent his losing provinces to Muawiyah who increased his strength by further expanding his army.
In the following years, Omega became a highly prestigious watch manufacturer.
In the following years, she wrote books about female sex workers, the evolution of religion, African Americans, and Native Americans.
In the formal operational stage, children are able to think about abstract ideas.
In the fourth book, they are referred to as "telekhines", however in the fifth book, they are referred to as "telkhines", without the second "e".
In the free skate, he picked up 187.96 points (another world record), giving him a total of 280.98 points for his two days of competition.
In the Gallus Anonymous Chronicle we can read about him as a Duke of Polans before Mieszko I. He is also mentioned in many other chronicles.
In the game, Mario and Cappy chase Bowser across different worlds, as he has kidnapped Princess Peach.
In the game set in the same universe as the Mortal Engines film, you fly as a pilot for the Ancients and Vasudans fighting for the very survival against numerous threats, such as the Cylon Empire and various alien menaces.
In the general competition, she performed well, finishing an admirable fourth.
In The Grand Inquisitor, Ivan shows to Alyosha what he believes is the wrong of Jesus' rule, and a possibly better, "more just" one.
In the Great Storm of 1703, about 4000 oak trees were lost.
In The Hobbit movies, which were written as a prequel to The Lord of the Rings movies, he figures out that the Necromancer happens to be Sauron.
In the Homeric hymn, her chariot is drawn by long-maned horses.
In the House of Representatives he is active on seven committees.
In the human brain, the manganese is bound to manganese metalloproteins.
In the Hyman, Bruce and Troy DeFrene.
In their concert at Hibiya Open-Air Concert Hall (lang), Candies suddenly declared their breakup in spite of its strong popularity.
In their society cooperation and individual liberty are most important.
In the Jewish Bible they are called "the Torah"
In the last part, "If I Only Had A Brain", Mr. Burns's head is grafted onto Homer's head after Mr. Burns tries to create a robot with Homer's brain.
In the last part of the chapter, Paul thanks the Philippians for gifts they had sent him, and tells them that God will reward them for being kind to him.
In the last portion of the third chapter, Mahesvara (Shiva) alone is said to pervade reality and shine in every heart of man.
In the last quarter of the 20th century, many Muslims around the world became disappointed in their governments.
In the last week-end of August the Fiesta Latina is organized witch includes Latin food and concerts.
In the last years of his life, he had very little money.
In the late 1950's Knothead and Splinter appeared in both animated cartoons and comic books.
In the late 1960s, a civil rights campaign started in Northern Ireland, to get equal treatment for Roman Catholics Adams was an active supporter and joined the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association in 1967.
In the late 1960s he travelled to London.
In the late 1970s, the mosque was relocated to its current site at Nathan Road by compensation given by MTR Corporation and donations from Muslims around Hong Kong.
In the late 1980s he started to become known as a conductor.
In the late 7th century, the Hokuridō was identified as one of the eight largest administrative areas of the Imperial system (ritsuryo seido).
In the later comic books, Stark took an experimental virus called "Extremis" which allowed him to control his suit with his mind and summon it wherever he was.
In the letter, Dylan said that Allen had molested her.
In the list are persons who worked in other places before the war and are also considered exiles due to their properties being confiscated by the communist dictatorship under Josip Broz.
In the list below are the winners of the award for each year.
In the list of names found in the Jasenovac memorial, only 4000 victims are from Stara-Gradiska, where inmates were killed with poison gas as early as 1942.
In the long war, over one million Afghan civilians were killed.
In the Lower Cretaceous there were many pterodactyloids, mostly quite small.
In the mansion, the nephews hear Scrooge speak ill of them and they run away.
In The Mark of Athena, Annabeth says that's when she chose to "like" him.
In the meantime, Afghanistan improved diplomatic ties with many countries in the world and continues.
In the meantime, Vincenzo, Thomas and Amanda work to stall the wedding.
In the memory of the martyrdom of the three brave sons of India the day '23 March' is celebrated every year as Martyr's Day.
In the men's singles, Michael Maze qualified by virtue of his ranking, citation while Allan Bentsen qualified through the final qualification tournament.
In the mid 1900s, people were buying less tobacco, so Durham became poorer.
In the mid-20th century, Purdue's aviation program expanded to encompass advanced spaceflight technology giving rise to Purdue's nickname, Cradle of Astronauts.
In the middle 19th century scholars thought Troy and the war were mythical; that they never existed.
In the middle of winter in 1892, Monet lived in rooms across from Rouen Cathedral.
In the middle, there are low mountain ranges covered in large forests.
In the modern world, with many more people and many big cities, these problems are becoming more serious.
In the most modern pipe organs, the manual is connected to the organ pipes by electric wires.
In: The Mountain Pine Beetle: A Synthesis of Biology, Management and Impacts on Lodgepole Pine (eds Safranyik L, Wilson W) 3– 66. Natural Resources Canada, Canadian Forest Service, Paciﬁc Forestry Centre, Victoria, BC.
In the movie, he also made the voices for the Groundhog and Porcupine.
In the movie she is called Sara Bender.
In the Netherlands and Flanders, it is offered with a Dutch soundtrack as well.
In the next morning, Luke and C-3PO look for him.
In the next plane, the block Enclosed Alphanumeric Supplement has symbols of letters inside of more circles, parentheses, and squares.
In the night, some fighting broke out, probably out of confusion or due to rebel groups who were involved in the infamous murder.
In the ninth stage of the 2011 Tour de France, Voeckler crossed the line second, taking the overall lead and therefore wearing the maillot jaune (yellow jersey).
In the North African countries have the lowest prevalence rates, as their populations usually share cultural patterns that reduce the spread of the disease, in contrast to what the desert countries did in Africa.
In the northern parts of North America, ice fishing is often a social activity.
In the north of Essen is Katernberg, where in the past the coal mine workers lived.
In the north the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta (Snowy Mountain Range of Saint Martha) is an isolated mountain range apart from the Andes chain that runs through Colombia.
In the Oberinnviertler Seenplatte on the border with Salzburg, you can find small lakes which are very warm in summer: Holzöstersee, Höllerer See, and Ibmer See.
In the old calendar the year started on March 25. March 24, 1648 for example was followed by March 25, 1649 This became April 5, and was used as the first day of the year for working out taxes and rents.
In the old texts, 18 or 20 early schools are mentioned.
In the On state, voltage is positive.
In the Oregon Coast Range, it is the most-seen Vaccinium.
In the original 1942 plan, the occupation of Stalingrad had not been a goal.
In theory, this is a stalemate.
In the past, it was a fishing village.
In the past palms were symbols of victory, peace, and fertility.
In the patent application, it says the Love Sharpener could double as a paperweight or ornament.
In the period from 18,000 to 15,000 years ago, Australia became dryer, with lower temperatures and less rainfall.
In the play, Oberon and Titania are arguing.
In the preface of the book he recommended the book for those who are interested in the study of Buddhism.
In the process, at least five terrorists, and more than 15 hostages were killed.
In the process, Europeans met people and mapped lands previously unknown to them.
In the process, he brought some psychological depth to the ballet's characters.
In the process of communicating with another individual, language can be found in the process of taking meaning from the words that we hear (which make up an “auditory image”).
In the program, two movie critics shared their opinions of newly released movies.
In the province is Phnom Aural, the tallest peak in Cambodia.
In the quarterfinals Huber won the battle of the ex-partners as she downed Black's team to set up a semi final with Dulko and Penetta.
In the race, he crashed into the back of Alonso's car and finished 13th.
In the raid following the attack, police arrested many senior members of the cult.
In the right circumstances they release the inhibition, so that the action-generating systems can execute their actions.
In the Roman form of chariot racing, teams represented different groups of financial backers and sometimes competed for the services of particularly skilled drivers.
In the runoff election of April 1932, Hindenburg beat Hitler for the Presidency.
In the same year a new maintainer started working on the application and over the duration of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 they worked to fix any problems in the code of the application.
In the same year he wrote his most important poem, The Sale of Saint Thomas in six Acts.
In these cases, the defeat of the government "cannot be expected for the forseeable future".
In the secondary stage, a person usually gets a rash.
In the second scenario, the statement is false, since the promise is broken.
In the second trailer, many fans were praised the new design of Sonic.
In these countries, the party leader will try to be elected to the legislature, and, if elected, to simultaneously serve as the party's parliamentary leader.
In the sentence "I like the ball; it is blue," you have to look at what comes before "it" to know that "it" is talking about the ball.
In the series, they formed a detective agency with three new characters.
In these stories, most skeletons are controlled by a person who brings them back to life.
In the show Michael's ideas are seen as more correct then Archie's.
In the show Zuko learns how to be nice.
In the singular, the compromise pronunciation main is commonly heard.
In the sixteenth century, women were regarded as inferior to men in spiritual matters, and many were uncomfortable with the idea of a woman being in charge.
In the sixth season, they get engaged to each other.
In the southeast, the Atlantic merges into the Indian Ocean.
In the southern part of Päijänne is Päijänne National Park.
In the south, the rivers flow directly into the Danube.
In the Spanish-American war, US troops occupied the bay, because there was a harbour there.
In the speech he announced his intention to spend over $100 million to strengthen U.S. special operations forces and expand American capabilities in unconventional warfare.
In the Spring of 1996 the names Luis, Marilyn, Opal, and Roxanne were retired.
In the stomach, the food is churned until it turns into a soupy mixture called chyme.
In the summer the opposite is true, it can be light outside for twenty two hours a day.
In the Thapa genealogy, he is also accredited to have ruled over Doti from Kāndāmalika.
In the time of 1960s Ambattur was a village with large extends of agricultural lands.
In the title bar of its website, Gramophone says they are "The world's authority on classical music since 1923."
In the tournament Austria won the groupstage.
In the trials, players will use the evidence to find contradictions.
In the United Kingdom this would be called a Parliament or in the United States a Congress.
In the United States, 300,000 machines were sold on the first week and Sega earned $98.4 million.
In the United States, attitudes and thoughts about guns have changed over time, and the NRA changed too.
In the United States, Charley caused ten deaths and $15.4 billion in damage (2004 USD).
In the United States it is illegal to break a DRM.
In the United States, Tagore gave many lectures during 1916 and 1917.
In the United States, the Byzantine Catholic Metropolitan Church of Pittsburgh is self-governing (
In the United States, the Columbus Day Storm of 1962, one of many Pacific Northwest windstorms.
In the United States, the common cold leads to 75 million to 100 million physician visits annually, costing at least $7.7 billion per year (by conservative cost estimates).
In the United States, the governing law for trademarks is the Lanham Act, in Germany the Markengesetz.
In the United States when Americans say African-American or Black, they are referring to the same people.
In the USA, star fruit is grown in Florida, Texas, South Carolina, Georgia, Louisiana, California, Texas, Arizona, Puerto Rico and Hawaii.
In the US, it was Perry's fourth number-one song altogether and the third in a streak of five number-ones.
In the US, more than 200,000 surgeries are done to fix reproductive organs bulging out of the vagina.
In the video, NiziU members lecture the shouts and calls for “WithU”, which they want “WithU” to sing the song together during their performance.
In the village, some women are being trained in combat and others are doing chores.
In the village there is a small port and near Bairiki is a center of the University of the South Pacific.
In the Vinaya Sutra, King Mucalinda uses his hood and seven heads to shelter the Buddha from a storm.
In the Wanli era of the Ming dynasty, there are 20 places of interest in the garden, and Qin Yao make poems for each of them.
In the western Punjab plains, Cheema communities are not generally found past Chaj Doab.
In the whole United States there are only twelve female Port Directors.
In the Wii version, the player can also play as a Mii created in the Mii Channel.
In the wild, on average, water voles only live about five months.
In the Winner's Circle, one player will use short phrases to tell the other a category.
In the winter and spring of 1893, while in New York, Dvořák wrote his most popular work, the Symphony No.9, "From the New World".
In the word Changdeokgung, Changdeok means 'Prospering Virtue', and gung means 'palace'.
In the words of 2,000-year-old Buddhist books, these three things are called sīla, citta (or samādhi) and paññā.
In the words of an eye-witness.
In The World Book Encyclopedia.
In the year 1771, Princess Louise Auguste of Denmark was born.
In the year 1912 a stationary circus building opened in Dresden.
In the year 2029, Logan retired from being an X-Man and decided to be a cab driver.
In the year of our Lord 1386, the knight Hermann von Oertzen passed away.”
In this 81 percent were Hindus, 11 percent were Muslim and 7 percent were Christian.
In this agreement, Bushmaster would take over the production, development and sales of the ACR.
In this album he started to write songs in English.
In this, and several other ways, they are a unique group of animals.
In this babur used the Rumi (Ottoman) device of lashing a large number of carts to form a defending wall with breastwork in between to rest guns (Tughlama system of welfare).
In this book de Bono suggested a number of techniques for overcoming the open block.
In this book, he introduced his own number system and also introduced Arabic numerals.
In this case, a healthy immune system may have been a liability rather than an asset.
In this case, if we wanted to make the vehicle move, we could do ferrari.
In this case, it is the address of mult ax.
In this case it refers to prayers said for nine consecutive days.
In this case, researchers discovered that visual experience triggered precise color matching.
In this case, the host broadcasts its physical address and a RARP server replies with the host's IP address.
In this case the slight differences between the calls of different birds may be used by partners for identification.
In this church, he meets another republican called Cavaradossi.
In this example, the table contains only integer values.
In this game, it is made known that what happened in Super Mario Land was made by Wario so that he could take over the castle Mario owned.
In this group were the philosophers Marsilio Ficino, Poliziano and Giovanni Pico della Mirandola.
In this highly-controlled context, the VOC traders became the sole official conduit for trade and for scientific-cultural exchanges between Japan and the West.
In this it directly allowed for the flow of human emotions, something that the moralist philosophy of Song Confucianism did not agree with.
In this kind of material, current passes through the material until it reaches the transition temperature, at which point the circuit breaks and current flow stops.
In this last kind Super Puma are known as NAS-332.
In this mode, you can unlock characters and stages by doing certain things.
In this nationality the majority comes from Tibetan origin.
In this papal decree, Alexander decided that some parts of South America would be Spanish or and some parts would be Portuguese.
In this period the fissure easily opens again.
In this process, only about 15% of the nitrogen and hydrogen is changed into ammonia.
In this run, an international running team carry a torch between more than 100 countrys.
In this series, the ponies live in a place called Equestria.
In this situation, Kathy and Neleh drew yellow rocks, and Paschal pulled the purple rock.
In this speech, he objected to the situation in Costa Rica under president Rafael Ángel Calderón.
In this type of abortion, a doctor gives the woman one or two medications that will end her pregnancy.
In this type of system, water is heated by a boiler and pumped through pipes laid underneath the floor.
"In this voyage of fourteen weeks I collected those few plants upon Van Diemen's Land which had not been familiar to me in New South Wales," he wrote to Banks, "and have done myself the honour of submitting them to your inspection."
In this way it adapts to the many different kinds of food which the body digests.
In this way, it is the same as between the Qing/Koxinga situation and the current PRC/ROC situation.
In this way, the CDF of the Gumbel distribution belonging to the data can be determined and the probability of interesting data values can be found.
In this way they control the direction of their movement.
In those days in Italy a nobleman could not be arrested and punished.
In those places, peasants living far from the lord's estate sometimes paid cash instead of working for the lord.
In time, he gained considerable power at the Opéra.
In today’s world, about twenty percent of all Hindus are vegetarians.
In Toledo, El Greco painted his best-known paintings.
In total, he made 61 appearances for his country.
In total, it takes up 13,150 hectares of land area.
In total, Selena grossed $35,281,794. citation citation It became the first and only movie directed by Nava to reach the 30 millionth mark.
In total Themar is saving carbon dioxide emissions of 14,200 kg per year.
In total, there are 50-80 species.
In total there are about 6 officially recognized branches of Cao Dai.
In total, there are eight islands and the main is St Helena with a total area for the territory of convert.
In total they have released 25 studio albums, 10 live albums and 92 singles.
Intracellular parasites live inside cells; Intercellular parasites live in the spaces between cells.
Intraspecific competition occurs when two aninimals of the same species compete for limited resources.
"Introduction to the New Testament, from The Message".
In truth, it is the most evil of evils because it prolongs man's torment."
In turn, that merged into AHSTW on July 1, 2016.
In turn, this encourages musicians to take the trouble to write down the music and get it published.
In type 1 diabetes, symptoms generally develop over a few days or weeks, though may take longer in adults.
In type I rearrangements (Y-A-B-X conversion to X-A-B-Y), the two migrating groups are oriented trans to each other.
Inuit ate both raw and cooked meat and fish, as well as the fetus's of pregnant animals.
Inuzuka was active even after the age that he is said to be a great veteran, but his wife died around 2015, and he himself turned 90 years old and suffered from spinal canal stenosis and other types of diseases.
Invasive weeds include Mimosa pigra, which covers 800 km² of the Top End, including vast areas of Kakadu, invasive paragrass displaces the native food of much of Kakadu's birdlife.
In Venezuela, Ivan caused four people to get killed.
In very rare cases bigos can be made without meat or cabbage, but the presence of sauerkraut is absolutely essential.
In villages, performers perform in the open.
Invisible ink pens are sometimes sold or used for prizes, usually with an ultraviolet light.
Involves the characters of the Nickelodeon cartoon The Wild Thornberrys with Action-adventure styled gameplay.
In Wales (and England) buildings with significant historical interest are often classified into either Grade I or Grade II buildings.
In warmer areas, these birds may raise up to six broods in a season.
In web-weaving species precise patterns of vibrations in the web are a major part of the rituals, while patterns of touches on the female's body are important in many spiders that hunt actively, and may 'hypnotize' the female.
In Weishampel, David B; Dodson, Peter and Osmólska, Halszka (eds) The Dinosauria.
In western Gujarat, including Kathiawar and Kutch, the weakening Mughal control allowed lots of local rulers to become independent.
In what is known as the Antwerp Ceremony (as this tradition was started in Antwerp), the mayor of the city that organized the Games transfers a special Olympic flag to the president of the IOC.
In women's gymnastics, there are four activities: floor, uneven bars, balance beam, and vault.
I. On the natural history of the man-like Apes p1–56.
Iontophoresis uses the same idea of gel electrophoresis to deliver drugs into the human body through the skin without using needles to inject the drug.
I opted for a life of asceticism, interruption, and devotion to worship, as she had an understanding in the religious sciences, and she took over the affairs of the Rahmani Corner at Borgah.
IoT improves the ease of life of humans and their daily activities.
Ipai land is in what is now the United States while Tipai land is mostly in what is now Mexico.
"I personally like the role & I would love to play it if I want to visualize it again."
IPS displays are more expensive to produce, and they also show a slower reaction time than TN.
IPTV is different.
I put abstract feelings on the same level as abstract thoughts.
Iqbal played a leading role in founding Bangladesh Mathematical Olympiad.
Ireland was divided into many small kingdoms.
Irish Art in the Early Christian Period.
Iroh has a secret group of friends.
Iron compounds are used for several things.
Iron deficiency causes approximately half of all anemia cases worldwide, and affects women more often than men.
Iron filings’ only uses are to teach magnetic fields, and to be eaten for people who need iron.
Ironically, Al Sherman died shortly after the movie was released.
Iron is particularly important for adolescents, and menstruating or pregnant women, whose requirements for it are increased.
"Iron Man" appears to be about a man who travels to the future and witnesses the Apocalypse.
Iruma city produces 60 percent of all Sayama tea.
Iruma is on the Seibu train line.
Irving Park is one of 77 officially designated Chicago community areas located on the Northwest Side.
Irvin left Lincoln to spend several seasons in Negro league baseball.
Isaac is a popular given name, generally in reference to the Biblical person.
" is ash-shams because the "sh" sound is a sun letter.
ISBN 0-85170-866-8 and Christie was not signed up for the sequels.
ISBN 1932333339 p7 Sometimes, males fight to mate with a female.
Is considered the best racehorse of all time, having a heart weighing in at 22lbs.
ISEG group's main area is entrepreneurship.
Ishti was a Sanskrit socialist film released in 2015 and made by G. Prabh.
" is, in its simplest form, like a box with a hole in front of it.
Isla de la Luna (Spanish for “island of the moon”) lies east of the bigger Isla del Sol.
Islam entered southern Europe through the invading "
Islamic Republic is the name given to forms of government of several states.
Islamic scholars who lived during the first centuries of Islam developed different methods for interpreting sharia.
Islam spread across the Indian subcontinent over a period of 500 years.
Islands and other islands in Asia Pacific.
Islands (Yanbaru) have been selected for nomination as a joint fifth Natural Site and a study panel is to be formed to consider a sixth candidate site.
Island then wanted the song to become Jessie's J first single, as they thought it was "amazing". citation Jessie J has said that she would like to perform the song live with Rihanna as Jessie J thinks that Rihanna "would kill it."
ISL has an all-inclusive executive leadership training program for corporate executives.
Ismael Hassan competed in the men's 5000 meters, where he finished fourteenth in his heat.
Is not certain when the name was changed to Oasis.
Isolated from through fare as highways have evolved all around to bypass Nelson, Once a very Prominent, named Stanley.
Isostatic rebound has continued to raise some sections of coast (because the huge weight of the ice is lifted).
Isotopes have been produced with enough protons to plant them upon an island of stability but with too few neutrons to even place them upon the island's outer "shores".
I Spy, and has also advertised Jell-o and other products.
Israel is the only country in the world where most people are Jews and where Hebrew is the main language.
Israelites ruled over the region of today's Palestine, which at the time was in an area known as Southern Canaan or the Land of Palestine.
Israel withdrew to a slim borderland buffer zone, held with the aid of proxy militants in the South Lebanon Army (SLA).
Issues from this would later delay his deployment status while in the military.
ISTC Travel guide.
" is the percentage of all televisions in use at that time that are tuned in. "18-49" is the percentage of all adults aged 18–49 tuned into the show.
Istúriz ordained to the priesthood in 1958.
It abolished the Monarchy.
Itachi joined Akatsuki after they agreed to keep Sasuke alive.
It actually symbolizes Pokémon.
It adds many more levels and rides to the game.
It adds more features from iOS 5 and 6 to the Mac such as notifications, messaging, game center, and gaming with people on iPhones, iPods, and iPads.
It admits or denies the specific allegations listed in a complaint.
It aired from 9 January to 20 February 1986.
It aired in Mexico for two periods, 1968–1973 and 1980-1995.
I take me shades off every now and again and have a look at the world and see some nice things."
Italian colonial policy followed two principles in Italian Somaliland: preservation of the dominant clan and ethnic configurations and respect for Islam as the territory's religion.
Italians made huge improvements and modern projects to the city.
Italians made up more than 70% of the population in 43 areas.
It allowed governors to only serve six out of any nine years.
It allows chemists to calculate how much products will be formed from a reaction.
It allows people to create games and play games created by other people.
It allows plants to absorb and use light.
It allows the Nintendo 64 to recognize and understand the human voice.
It "allows users to exchange small elements of content such as short sentences, individual images, or video links", citation.
It, along with other such groups, suppressed many African-Americans from voting.
It also ate zooplankton, which left more food for the mosquito larvae.
It also belongs to corpus planning.
It also can hunt and smell very well.
It also comprises the top decision-makers in industry, commerce and also the education sector.
It also discovered that a fourth of nonbinary people were denied bathroom access because of their gender identity.
It also eats dung and was discovered in 1324 A.D. It can grow up to 5.1 cm long.
It also ensure privacy.
It also featured a new round called the "Match Up" round.
It also follows the only vampire he is known to have created, Pearl Jones.
It also had a better wing.
It also had a dense network of branch lines in the area surrounding Glasgow.
It also had archive footage.
It also had updated styling but did not carry the S-10 name.
It also has a bedroom which was used by kings and queens.
It also has a miniature golfing section called Moose Mountain.
It also has a strong metal coating (jacket).
It also has a V12 engine by Mercedes-Benz.
It also has more precipitation than other places in Kansas.
It also has most of the Sac and Fox Reservation and most of the Iowa Reservation of Kansas and Nebraska.
It also has several smaller ones, including Isla Espiritu Santo and Isla Partida which is joined to it by a small bit of land.
It also has some which are only sometimes stuck onto it.
It also has stripes of yellow among its green feathers.
It also has the Sternberg Museum of Natural History.
It also helps the man o' war: the presence of these species may attract other fish to feed on.
It also helps the process of mastication by mixing food with saliva.
It also included items important to Western Australia such as coastal defence, and building a railway to the eastern states.
It also includes the suburbs of Oldmixon, West Wick and Worle.
It also made it easier for the government to access people's library and phone records.
It also might have made an ultimate battle to the death between Margaret and the House of York inevitable by making manifest Richard's dangerous popularity with the Commons.
It also monitors proposals that may weaken internet freedoms and liberties.
It also normally has solo vocals.
It also offers hints on food, fun, and care.
It also offers special features, for example a preview of the websites found during a search.
It also produced large amounts of vegetables, meat, and fish.
It also produces and distributes anime films.
It also protects the plant from sunlight and wind.
It also provides a rest stop for those travelling on the Hume Highway.
It also reached number 30 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
It also reacts violently with water, spewing corrosive liquid.
It also reduces the risk of customers buying food without looking at the date, only to find out the next day that they cannot use it.
It also responds to emergencies such as floods or diseases.
It also rich in biodiversity and generally consists of indigenous tribes.
It also runs contrary to what military leaders are taught, which is to win at all costs.
It also serves as a general appearance by a defendant.
It also shows if the company made a profit in the year (if it made more money than it spent), who owes the company money, who the company owes money to, and any big expensive items the company has bought which they expect to use for many years.
It also states the state organs "apply the principle of democratic centralism."
It also stops decaying changes in food.
It also synthesizes a second strand of DNA complementary to the reverse-transcribed single-stranded cDNA.
It also tests business listening.
It always keeps the formula exactly the same mathematically as the original equation or expression, unless it is being transformed, by a transformation algorithm.
Italy are well known examples.
It answered calls 24 hours a day throughout the country of Tasmania.
It appears most often on hands, toes, inside arch of your feet and on you heals.
It appears to be a parody of the fantasy genre that blends swords, sorcery and technology, in the vein of Masters of the Universe.
It appears to have reached an early young adult stage at age seven, and probably would have grown much larger when it reached the adult stage.
It attracted the criticism of the Swedish church.
It awards 7,660 different degree and certificates.
It became a city in 1877.
It became a great success.
It became an immediate popular success.
It became a part of the German Olympic team in 1956.
It became available in September 1997.
It became a work of worldwide renown, used as a reference book for two centuries.
It became Gaga's fourth number-one album in the U.S. citation After the album was released, Gaga became the female artist with the most number-one albums of the 2010s decade.
It became independent in 1991.
It became one of the best-known slogans of the twentieth century.
It became popular in its own right.
It became the 31st state.
It became the county seat in 1876.
It became the group's tenth and final consecutive top 10 hit in the US.
It became the most popular children's monthly in the United States.
It became the national sport in the 18th century and started being played in other countries in the 19th and 20th centuries.
It became the sixth single to be released from Dreaming of You.
It became used in government, industry, and commerce.
It began in 1966 and currently owns ten ships.
It began in 2002.
It began in April 1898.
It began on 6 June 1982.
It begins in the Cleveland National Forest, near a mountain called Palomar Mountain, in several forks.
It begins where the Yadkin River and the South Yadkin River come together.
It begins with degree zero for both the remainder and the result.
It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything.
It bridged the gap between different types of biologists: geneticists, naturalists, and palaeontologists.
It burns very easily and catches fire at 90°C.
It came to be known throughout the ancient world as the Armenian fruit.
It can also be set to 4 different difficulty modes: easy, normal, difficult or heroic.
It can also be used as a source of the nitride ion.
It can also be used in human women insemination.
It can also be used in the name of the trip - She took Flight 213 to Atlanta.
It can also be written as an improper integral involving the floor function, a function which outputs the greatest integer less than or equal to a given number.
It can also cause acute complications.
It can also cause muscles to get weaker.
It can also detect the auger electrons emitted from Chromium-51 ( 51 Cr) and Iodine-125 ( 125 I) samples.
It can also "high walk". citation Big ones can run as fast as nearly 16 km/h (10 mph).
It can be added to vitamins to get copper into the body.
It can be a hall, laboratory or even a department.
It can be also called a trike.
'It' can be a quality of the mind as well as a physical attraction.
It can be called the sense of body or the sense of touch.
It can be cured by anti-parasitic drugs.
It can be found on the lower third of a tooth root.
It can be heard locally on the radio, and it also streams online.
It can be made using a strip of paper by gluing the two ends together with a half-twist.
It can be populated at any time by reversion to older articles, cut and paste move from history and similar events.
It can be red but the red form is more unstable.
It can be replaced by using the letters Oe or oe.
It can be restored to its original luster at a fraction of the cost of replacement.
It can be seen from very far away.
It can be seen that his fondness for this concubine was not because of his family background.
It can be triggered as an adult by an event such as pregnancy (hormone shifts) or illness.
It can be used as poison as well.
It can be used for solving the inversion counting problem.
It can be used to create a violet dye.
It can be used to purify copper.
It can be used to stop things from growing on ships.
It can be useful to learn about certain emotions, which can be hard for autistic people.
It can change what a person thinks, does, feels, and sense of well-being.
It can damage or kill cells.
It can even hunt and kill snakes.
It can give you burns.
It can handle different types of digital video, media clips, sound, text, animation, music, and several types of interactive panoramic images.
It can just be a liquid contained in something.
It can make chemical changes.
It can make sense or be nonsense, it can rhyme or not.
It can make the person feel more aware about living life to the best.
It can mean a specific god, or any god at all, depending on how it is used.
It can only open a case when national courts are not able to or do not want to.
It can perhaps be compared to other objects of that class.
It can stay under the park for thousands of years.
It can take years for this to happen but, when it does, the remaining females and the neighboring territory are added to the now larger group.
It can usually carry many people, sometimes up to a total of 15.
It caused heavy rain to the Keys.
It caused problems with their health, and with how they acted in public.
It causes problems everywhere it goes.
It causes the temperature in the valley to be lowered.
It ceased to exist under that name in 1903.
It centres on a white working class couple (Eddie and Joan Booth) and their black, Conservative-voting neighbours (Bill and Barbie Reynolds).
It changed much about the history of the DC Universe, and allowed the editors of DC Comics to simplify their then 55 year old history.
It changed name in 1911.
It changed name on 25 October the same year.
It changed name to RL Super Sport (RLSS) and 22/90, and was even faster.
It changed the way of life of the communities which made the change.
It changes a lot and the meaning of words are hard to know. citation The rules are explained below.
It claimed the prediction methods in the First Assessment Report, were now improved, but did not include aerosol or ozone changes.
It claims its centralized national authoritarian state is based upon the Tudor System.
It closed after only five performances.
It closed on 13 April 1980 after a run of 3,388 performances.
It collapses, and though her body isn't found, it is assumed that she is dead.
It comes from Central Africa.
It comes from putting two (or more) other words together, citation like motel, from motor and hotel.
It comes from the name Jeanne.
It comes in many different varieties of fruit fillings.
It competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
It completes one cycle in approximately 10 milliseconds.
It connects two islands.
It consistently holds the top spot on critics' lists of the greatest albums of all time.
It consists of agarose and a mixture of molecules known as agaropectin.
It consists of Kim Jong-wan, who sings and plays guitar and keyboard; Lee-Jae-kyung on guitar; Lee Jung-hun on bass; and Jung Jae-won on drums.
It consists of Macau Peninsula (Aomen Bandao), Taipa Island (Dangzai Dao), Coloane Island (Luhuan Dao) and Cotai (Ludangcheng), the new reclaimed land between Taipa and Coloane.
It consists of the village of Mesocco with eleven sections, including the mountain village of San Bernardino.
It contained 27 games in one cartridge.
It contains 5 genera and 25 species.
It contains a single species: Lythraria salicariae.
It contains many animal reserves and also has a few listed buildings.
It contains three short stories, titled Percy Jackson and the Stolen Chariot, Percy Jackson and the Bronze Dragon, and Percy Jackson and the Sword of Hades.
It contains three times more calcium than milk.
It contains two villages: Voëns and Maley.
It continues 85 million years in the past.
It continues to remain as an autonomous okrug till today.
It cost 350 million francs to build the stadium.
It costs a lot of money to go to court and whoever loses has to pay for everybody.
It costs more than $7 for a car to enter it from Ohio.
It could be eaten with one's hands.
It could be said that Rome was already of imperial character.
It covers an area of 3,102 km².
It covers an area of 344 km².
It covers an area of 7807 km².
It covers an area of 8,260 km².
It covers from their childhood to their adulthood in which they come into a conflict.
It covers Kelvenne island, which is 8 km long and 50-800 meters wide.
It crashed near the crater Janáček.
It creates tens of thousands of jobs (18.2% of all employment).
It curls up into a ball and goes to sleep.
It currently airs on PBS Kids Sprout.
It currently hold an 18% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, with a 25% rating from a select group of critics.
It cut the ending of the movie and removed the voice-over.
It damaged one house.
It darkens when exposed to light, which makes a picture.
It dates to 1642.
It deals with independent movies and television shows.
It described how he was sitting sadly by the bell, afraid that Congress would not be able to declare independence.
It describes subjects from a Finnish point of view.
It describes the renewed interest in paleontology, which has lasted from the 1970s to the present.
It describes the time it takes for a person to make a decision as a result of the possible choices.
It develops into a new field of DNA nanotechnology.
It did not angle upwards very far.
It did not have a handle.
It did not sell well and Abbey did not like it very much, and it was taken out of print.
It did not win either award.
It didn't sell many copies, so Jamelia left Capitol Records and signed to Parlophone.
It disappeared sometime between 1587 and 1590.
It displays the bravery of a person who embraces the bull.
It dissolves in ammonia to make a colorless solution.
It does not change their sexual attraction.
It does not confine itself to the form of the dove, but in sign of the dove.
It does not continue the story of A Fish Called Wanda.
It does not dissolve in most acids.
It does not dry, and comes in many different colours.
It does not get a lot of customers.
It does not have Antivirus features.
It does not involve logic, just the practical (
It does not involve the power to feel and move but the power to think.
It does not matter what size step we take.
It does not occur naturally, and is made from molybdenite.
It does not spend so much time in its red giant phase.
It doesn't demand that you know what types you are writing about.
It does pair well with Pale Ale and Champagne.
It drifted more to the south.
It drops heavy rain.
It drops steeply to the coast on its eastern side.
It earned more than $296 million worldwide and was the 8th highest grossing movie in the United States that year.
It eats fruits and seeds.
It eats insects and their larvae.
It eliminates footnotes, geographic surveys, details of battle formations, long narratives of military campaigns, ethnographies and genealogies, but keeps the narrative from start to finish.
Item assignment is shown by the Apache id.
It empties into the Illana Bay of the larger Moro Gulf.
It ended nearly four centuries of division between rival regimes.
It ended on February 24, 2012.
It ended successfully on August 29, 1982.
It ends at Holot Interchange in Gan Sorek.
It entered the American album chart at number two.
It entered the UK Album Chart at number twelve, and spent over a year in it.
"I testify that there is no other god but Allah, and I testify that Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah."
It evolves into Wigglytuff, an "upgraded" form of Jigglypuff.
It explains the food habits of this and some other groups of mammals.
It explodes when in sunlight for a few minutes.
It explores and analyzes his theory of sexuality and its presence throughout childhood.
It extends about convert from north to south, and about convert from east to west.
It failed to recoup for its $120 million budget and made it a massive box-office bomb.
It favours activity and wealth creation.
It featured art on the cover by Keith Parkinson.
It featured in-person remembrances, video testimonials, video and film clips, gospel choirs, and was, according to the Chicago Tribune's Mark Caro, "a laughter- and sorrow-filled send-off from the entertainment and media worlds."
It features articles on the use and development of the R language.
It features many different Disney characters together.
It features the hit single, "
It fell out of the top 1000 girls names in the 21st century.
It first aired in 1976.
It first aired in France on September 4, 1996.
It first appeared as a game for the Famicom in Japan in 1984 for a price of 5000 yen.
It first became extinct in Africa some 1.5 million years ago.
It first featured his work in 2005, and again every year after that until 2009.
It first premiered on June 12, 2008 on Cartoon Network in the United States.
It flies domestic and international scheduled services.
It flowers from February to April.
It focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting.
It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations.
It follows much of the same route discovered by Stuart.
It follows the lives of some of the same characters and new characters join the story.
It follows them over a year.
It formed on July 4, and reached tropical storm status on July 6. After reaching tropical storm status, it became the earliest fifth named storm.
It forms the northern edge of the CDP.
It gained full university status and changing its name to The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 1994.
It gave the US Government the opportunity to reduce their reservation to a small area in Idaho.
It gets precipitated when the physical condition of the water changes.
It gets worse when the Doctor tells Rory that she kissed him.
It gives a higher quality of food than fast food places.
It gives companies and investors access to global capital markets.
It gives learners online access to tools and information to help them with learning something.
It gives the BIPM its mandate and budget on behalf of the member states.
It goes along with U.S. Route 24, U.S. Route 40, and K-7.
It got its first aircraft on May 15, 2001.
It got mixed to positive reviews from audience and critics.
It got mostly good reviews by the critics.
It grew out of the opéra comique which had become quite long and serious.
It grossed $667,692,281 on a $150 million budget.
It grows best in strong sunlight.
It grows to about 15.6 cm.
It grows to between 30–60 cm tall.
It grows very quickly, and because of this, it molts four to five times.
It had 12 songs.
It had 4 pairs of walking legs.
It had about 18,500 people living there in January 2014.
It had about 2,300 living there in January 2014.
It had about 3,242 peopleas of 2001.
It had a bulky body, four short legs, a short neck, and a stiff tail.
It had a cat-like skull with large slicing teeth.
It had a facelift in early 2004.
It had almost 2,050 people living there in January 2014.
It had a long neck and strong arms, Paul, Gregory S. The Princeton Field Guide to Dinosaurs.
It had a more pop sound than their previous albums.
It had an even higher rate of fire and was easier to make.
It had a new grille and the engine was improved.
It had a new smaller and wider design, video playback ability and a new user interface.
It had a remix of the songs "Yellow" and "
It had improvements in performance and interior room.
It had just become a regular club and was not so special anymore.
It had large feet with small talons.
It had songs from Alpha (1986) and Muñequito de Trapo (1987).
It had the singles "Let It Be Me", "Ball and Chain", "Ring of Fire", "Sick Boys" and "Story of My Life".
It had three fingers on each hand.
It had to be built above the ground in the northern section because of the permafrost.
It had Travis Stever singing and playing guitar, Claudio Sanchez on guitar, Nate Kelley on drums and Jon Carleo on bass.
It hangs in the Gemäldegalerie.
It happened on June 12, 2016.
It happened on October 17, 1989, just after 5pm local time.
It has 13 townships.
It has 158 stanzas, written by the poet Dionysios Solomos (although the cut-down version is shorter than Uruguay's, which is more than five minutes long).
It has 28 (twenty-eight) letters.
It has 3,367 residents.
It has 35 sports clubs.
It has 36 people.
It has 3,879 students.
It has 50 panchayat villages.
It has 90 members, elected for a four-year term.
It has a big white Dari, or headress, and a five pointed star for the five main island groups.
It has about 100 megaliths.
It has about 37 members in it.
It has a comfortable seat but is heavy.
It has a crucifix or cross, with a rosette or sun circle below it.
It has a dark stripe from its nose over its eye and down its body.
It has a democratically-elected representative on the Stenhousemuir FC Board to relay supporter's ideas and wishes.
It has a diameter of 5.5mm in humans.
It has a different battery than in other Apple devices because it is so thin.
It has a distinctive rhythmic pattern which this polonaise follows unflinchingly.
It has a double-edged blade, so it cannot be used for normal cutting like a knife.
It has a large stable yard and an arched entrance high and wide enough to admit coaches.
": it has a legal life separate from its owners or shareholders.
It has a light brown color and a sweet flavor.
It has a long focal length, and a narrow angle of view.
It has a lot of forests and many types of animals.
It has a lot of hospitals and schools.
It has a lot of subjects in sciences, arts, economics, and so on.
It has also been found that intake of choline during pregnancy can have long-term beneficial effects on memory for the child.
It has also been noted that there are numerous sporadic bugs which can affect gameplay, although most of these are considered minor.
It has also been pronounced as "Yehova" in Hebrew as a substitute word for the tetragrammaton.
It has also developed a written form.
It has a mostly flat 'close to sea-level' land.
It has an area of 10,485 km² and a population of 11,370,000 as of the 2011 census.
It has an area of convert and has, as of 2003, about 315,200 inhabitants.
It has an orange-red breast and face, olive-brown wings and back, a white to light-brown belly.
It has an organ with 1,000 pipes.
It has an unusual rocky formation.
It has a population of 10 million which is about 1/5 of the Korean population and 1/7 of Korea peninsula, and covers an area of 610 km² that is only 0.6% of South Korea.
It has around 225 nuclear warheads.
It has a sequel movie called The Prince of Darkness.
It has a shiny, silvery white color.
It has a small red box and a large blue box connecting to each other for news headlines the anchor speaks.
It has a summit elevation of convert above sea level and its highest elevations are capped with snow.
It has a Sunday edition called the Sunday Morning Post.
It has a sweet, aromatic flavour.
It has a top speed of convert.
It has a total land area of 487 square kilometers.
It has a total of 35 members.
It has a trunk 30 centimetres wide.
It has a weak economy.
It has a wide mouth used for grazing and is the most social of all rhino species.
It has become the political and cultural center in Shanghai since 1994, when it was rebuilt.
It has been a National Historic Landmark since 1964. citation citation citation It became a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 1972.
It has been announced that it will be picking up two new shows, Halt & Catch Fire and Turn, two period dramas that will be airing in 2014.
It has been awarded annually in six categories since 2006 (between 1989 and 2006 there were nine categories).
It has been called "London's most famous hotel".
It has been called "one of the most successful, critically acclaimed, and ground-breaking preschool television series of all time".
It has been concluded that the two clades diverged (split) some 300 million years ago.
It has been created by the social modernization law (No. 2002-73).
It has been dated to 200,000 to 300,000 years ago.
It has been declared a National Historic Monument of Argentina.
It has been demonstrated through experiments that the number of "dee" syllables at the end of the call increases with the level of danger the predator poses.
It has been established in 1962.
It has been estimated that the total number of described and undescribed roundworms might be more than 500,000.
It has been historically spelt as Sindian (
It has been known as a resort since the 19th century and has federal significance.
It has been mentioned as a reason for the decrease in the number of male teachers in New Zealand schools.
It has been one of the world's most powerful countries for many centuries.
It has been played every season since the 1962–63 season.
It has been protected since 1931.
It has been rated Exemplary every year since the ABC's began.
It has been re-built, using its original parts.
It has been reported that the Mexican West Coast Rattlesnake can be tamed easily in zoos.
It has been suggested that Aristotle was probably the last person to know everything there was to be known in his own time.
It has been there since 967 AD.
It has been used as background music for several movies.
It has been used in industrial action (
It has been used this way since the 1960s.
It has churches and mosques also including: St. Thomas Mar Thoma Church, Elampal, Mar Gregorios Orthodox Church Marangadu, St. George Orthodox Church, Elampal, St. Thomas Malankara Catholic Church, Thiruvazhy, and Church of God.
It has dark green leaves that measure up to 150mm and has white flowers that grow 5cm in length.
It has dark spots on its breast.
It has dedicated spectrum, high interference immunity, open interoperability and data speeds of around 500 kbit/s.
It has drawings by Hans Saefkow.
It has five seats and four doors.
It has four species.
It has gone through major changes over the past 2000 years.
It has had various changes of name, while its function has stayed much the same.
It has ideas from Aristotle's writings.
It has killed tens of millions of birds and resulted in the slaughter of hundreds of millions of other birds to limit its spread.
It has less leather and is lighter than most Western saddles.
It has made or sold more than ten movies which made more than $100 million each at the box-office.
It has manuscripts and historical items dating back as far as 300 BC.
It has many characters such as six main characters: Meggie, Mo, Dustfinger, Elinor, Capricorn and Basta.
It has many villages and towns.
It has marginally more protein than chicken or turkey, roughly half the fat of chicken and slightly fewer calories per gram.
It has more pronounced radial rib and high in the back Its color is white with brown spots inside is pearly.
It has more than 25 million users, which makes it third biggest mobile company in Pakistan.
It has more than 5000 people.
It has more than 84.9 million people.
It has much lower power than the alkaline battery, but it is cheaper to make.
It has much smaller pieces.
It has needed far less maintenance than the straight walls in the vicinity.
It has no random component.
It has not been proved to exist.
It has not been used since.
It has not yet found any.
It has one of the best schools for students to study in and it is a very educational city.
It has optical stabilization.
It has played in the Italian Volleyball League without interruption since 2000.
It has play equipment.
It has projects in more than 160 countries.
It has received LEED silver pre-certification.
It has recieved awards.
It has seven sculptured scenes and many small statues.
It has since been determined that it does not exist as it was never seen again.
It has some black and white markings on its wings.
It has spectacular views of nearby mountains.
It has spots or stripes on its back.
It has strong positive reviews.
It has the 14th most amount of people in Japan.
It has the ability to sense the aura in all living things, and can use telepathic human speech.
It has the chemical symbol Yb.
It has the fifth most important seaport in the country.
It has the population of about one million.
It has the same MTOW (Maximum Take-Off Weight) as the A330-300, so it can take more fuel than the A330-300.
It has the second highest number of people.
It has the second largest enrollment in Louisiana.
It has the symbol Ds.
It has the Turbo feature of the Advantage, but it is the size of a standard NES controller.
It has thirteen episodes.
It has three big arches that have lion's heads on top made by Robert Michel.
It has three songs.
It has three specific regional variants: German Standard German, Austrian Standard German, and Swiss Standard German.
It has to do with the size, written as R, of the curled up dimensions of the string theories.
It has two tracks.
It has unlimited jurisdiction in each member State.
It has waxwork displays of historical and royal figures, film stars, sports stars and infamous murderers.
It has won a Greek cup in 1976.
It has won the Italian Volleyball League (four times), the Italian Cup, the Italian Super Cup, the CEV Champions League (three consecutive times) and the FIVB Men's Club World Volleyball Championship (a record four consecutive times).
It has words and links.
It helped pay for medical expenses and funerals.
It helped that he knew the other Senators well and could often persuade them to support his ideas.
It helped the company leave behind other watchmakers.
It helps computer artists draw patterns that look more real.
It hides in the plants during the day and looks for food at night and in the evening.
I think we were progressing very nicely until the surge of Islam came, and if you asked me for my observations, the other communities have easier integration - friends, intermarriages and so on, Indians with Chinese, Chinese with Indians - than Muslims.
It holds a bratwurst festival annually in mid-August attracting over 100,000 visitors annually.
It holds runs of periodicals, early books and manuscripts, and is used by scholars worldwide.
It holds the tallest and fastest ride called pepsi max.
It hosts at least seven silvester ducks species.
It housed thirty popes, four kings and eleven presidents of the Italian Republic.
It illustrates the use of functions, arguments and default argument values.
It includes all of Appetite for Destruction, alongside bonus tracks "Shadow of Your Love", "Patience", "Used to Love Her", "You're Crazy", and "Move to the City (1988 Acoustic version)".
It includes all of its programming.
It includes animal and vegetable sources.
It includes cephalopods with ten feet.
It includes other sites listed on the National Register.
It includes the city itself as well as articles on things within the city or associated with the city.
It inspired Miller very much.
It introduced a common theme in her writing.
It involved the use of Country Time and Crystal Light brand flavors.
It is 1000 meters above sea level.
It is 109 mm (4.3 in) long.
It is 114 m (374 ft) long, the neck, body and tail varying little in width.
It is 147 meters above sea level.
It is 183 km long and its sources are in the Cordillera Central.
It is 212 meters above sea level.
It is 233 meters (763 feet) tall and has 70 floors.
It is 247 meters (809 feet) tall and has 48 floors.
It is 250 meters (819 feet) tall and has 82 floors.
It is 280 meters above sea level.
It is 296 meters above sea level.
It is 35 meters above sea level.
It is 41m high.
It is 812 kilometers long.
It is 81 meters above sea level.
It is 84% of the urban and 69% of the rural population, when the district is considered.
It is 900 km long, 4–20 m deep, and 7.3 km wide at the narrowest point.
It is 9 hours ahead of UTC (UTC+09:00) and is the same as Japan Standard Time, Yakutsk Time, and Indonesian Eastern Standard Time.
It is a boarding school, and 80% of the students live there.
It is about 100 km to 350 km under the surface.
It is about 20.2 miles (32.5 km) northwest of downtown Detroit.
It is about 3.2 miles long and serves as an extension of California State Route 237 and the two roads together provide tourists a direct route from Milpitas to Mountain View and Los Altos.
It is about 7,000 light-years in diameter.
It is about a dog that is big and red.
It is about a Greek poet named Anacreon.
It is about a man who thinks he is very ill and spends his money on doctors.
It is about body language.
It is about cats invading enemy bases.
It is about convert north to south, and up to convert wide (east-west).
It is about convert to the southeast of Kaḻṯukatjara (41 km by road, along the Tjukaruru Road).
It is about four miles south of Manchester city centre, and intersected by the busy thoroughfare of Wilmslow Road.
It is about introducing people, romance and various family matters.
It is about musical and creative talents.
It is about suicide and family dysfunctions.
It is a “canon at the octave” because the second part starts an octave lower than the first part.
It is accepted by moderate Baptists believing in the revival in the United States in the 1700s called the First Great Awakening.
It is a combination of the information of many different agencies.
It is a commercialized version of a concept for a fiber optic glove.
It is a compilation of all of Def Leppard’s biggest hits.
It is a cool-season vegetable crop.
It is adapted to represent relational data.
It is a day to celebrate, remember and prepare special foods in honor of those who have died.
It is a device that is designed to receive the signals which are in the form of both electric and electromagnetic form.
It is a different story than the first season.
It is a different way to spell Candace.
It is administratively subdivided into 25 Union Councils of Pakistan, six of which form the tehsil capital Kabirwala.
It is administratively subdivided into 29 Union Councils, six of which form the tehsil capital Sadiqabad.
It is a doubly magic isotope.
It is a fishing port located near the gulf of the same name (Saint-Florent Gulf).
It is a form of Amalia, which comes from the Germanic word amal, meaning "work".
It is a form of Hatha Yoga.
It is a fully animated story that is set to the Discovery album from start to finish and with no additional words and only a few added sound effects.
It is a good river for sport fishing and maybe rafting but not for swimming.
It is a Greek word that means "the one who gives birth to God."
It is a highly portable multimedia player, encoder, and streamer that supports many kinds of audio and video.
It is a joint-venture with the University of East Anglia.
It is a kind of hitch knot.
It is a large work of six separate songs for two voices and orchestra.
It is a listed building.
It is a little easier to visualize the reverse of this process by looking at an initial sine wave of one frequency to which is added a second sine wave of a different wavelength, then a third, then a fourth, and so on.
It is a live-bacterium vaccine.
It is alleged that she put the men on trial at which her son presided.
It is almost complete.
It is a loss of memory, that is to say, a person cannot remember certain things.
It is also a coastal city and it has a big beach, in front of the city.
It is also a Korean belief that the name "East Sea" was eliminated from maps of the world in the early 20th century while South Korea was under the rule of Japan.
It is also as part of a self-government system.
It is also called a crib, manger or crèche.
It is also called a "recompression chamber" or "hyperbaric oxygen therapy chamber".
It is also called CD (for collision detection) or interference detection.
It is also called Jingangzuo Dagoba, used to be one building of the Cideng Temple.
It is also called Second World War.
It is also called the Fischer-Griess Monster, or the Friendly Giant.
It is also called the Neuromancer, Cyberspace, or Matrix trilogy.
It is also called the white or masked polecat.
It is also called Wester Boquhan.
It is also common to have calluses or bruising on the fingers from purging.
It is also considered as the "
It is also done to fit more text into a limited space.
It is also equal to the number of the largest group of straight line directions of that space.
It is also found in the seas connecting the two oceans.
It is also home to the all Volkswagen club event, 25 Hours of Spa, run by the Uniroyal Fun Cup.
It is also important to understand how to "practice" the invention or put it into practical use.
It is also known as a burner, combustion chamber or flame holder.
It is also known as cryptogenic organizing pneumonitis (COP).
It is also known as Dogbane, Amy Root, Hemp Dogbane, Rheumatism Root, and Wild Cotton.
It is also known as Kloten Airport.
It is also known as 'Melamchi khola'.
It is also known as nihongo.
It is also known as prosperity gospel, the health and wealth gospel, the gospel of success, or seed faith.
It is also known as psychoneurosis or neurotic disorder, and those suffering from it are said to be neurotic.
It is also known as the "Chinese Proficiency Test".
It is also known as the Dexter Graves Monument or the Statue of Death.
It is also known as the glowing sucker octopus.
It is also known by the Oklahoma Department of Tourism designation, Frontier Country.
It is also one of the most populous and polluted cities in the world.
It is also one of the oldest major organized fire departments in the nation.
It is also part of the platinum group.
It is also referred to as interoception.
It is also seen as being fast (does things quickly), secure (hard for people to do bad things to) and stable (does not break often).
It is also seen when a person is resting or meditating.
It is also sold as food for birds and can be used directly in cooking and salads.
It is also the capital of the district.
It is also the county seat of Jefferson County.
It is also the first Mario game released for the Nintendo DS.
It is also the first of Federer's five consecutive Wimbledon titles.
It is also the headquarters of the Sivaganga taluk.
It is also the leading school in the University of Nebraska system.
It is also the meeting point of the digestive and the respiratory systems.
It is also the nation's main port.
It is also the second tallest building in Los Angeles and California, after the Wiltshire Grand Center.
It is also the word for a painted work of art.
It is also thought that they give birth in June of the following year.
It is also used occasionally outside of jungles.
It is also used to demonstrated hydrated and anhydrous chemicals.
It is also used to make superoxide ions.
It is also very good at holding water so it is used in the soil of plants in pots and helping to grow seeds.
It is also very playful and friendly.
It is also widely distributed abroad under different names such as “Aunt Olga,” “Babushka” or “Mommy doll.”
It is a magical map.
It is a major river flowing through the county.
It is a member of a class of diseases called ciliopathies.
It is a mound nester.
It is a music focused mainly on drums and guitars.
It is an adaptation of the Pink Panther movie series.
It is an album that Barwick made with Ikue Mori.
It is an ancient technique for decorating metalwork objects.
It is an aromatic compound, meaning the ring has alternating double bonds.
It is a nesting place for Manx shearwaters and choughs.
It is an expression used to identify something that does very simple tasks in a very complex way.
It is an important river for Brazil, called “the river of national integration” because it unites diverse climes and regions of the country, in particular the Southeast with the Northeast.
It is an important transportation route in the places it flows through.
It is a non-abelian group because it can make a difference which order when making a turn and a reflection.
It is an ongoing series and is currently up to 126 chapters.
It is a non-profit private organization formed in 1881 to standardize the rules of tennis.
It is an unusual feeling which has no obvious physical cause.
It is an urban area located just outside the southern part of the Greater Bay Area and convert east-southeast of the mouth of the Salinas River.
It is a parody of "Lump" by the Presidents of the United States of America.
It is a particular case of the "argumentum ad ignorantiam" fallacy, here the burden is shifted on the person defending against the assertion.
It is a part of Securitas AB.
It is a part of the area commonly referred to as "Chettinadu" and has been declared a heritage town by the Government of Tamil Nadu.
It is a permanent internet address.
It is a piece of hardwood which is shaped like a bridge.
It is a positional notation system.
It is approximately 75 km west of the town of Quesnel.
It is a private, Christian university.
It is a product of one event: the Permian extinction (which affected brachiopods profoundly and clams relatively little)".
It is a red-brown solid.
It is a regional festival of Keralites.
It is a remake of the original 2007 Death at a Funeral.
It is a remix of "You're My Heart, You're My Soul".
It is a ring road around the north side of Liverpool.
It is Aron's final evolution form.
It is a rotating body's resistance to angular acceleration or deceleration, equal to the product of the mass and the square of its perpendicular distance from the axis of rotation.
It is a sculpture of his wife and child.
It is a set of questions designed to measure those things.
It is a short form of Sigrid and has been widely used since the mediaeval age.
It is a significant blood-sucking pest.
It is a sign of their rank.
It is a small member of the Poeciliidae family (females 4–6 centimeters (1.6–2.4 in) long, males 2.5–3.5 centimeters (1.0–1.4 in) long).
It is a small serving of rice with different toppings.
It is assigned by a DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server from a specific range of IP address.
It is a steak pie.
It is a symbol which means that God is always there.
It is a system used to unlock rare cards through other games in the Tag Force series.
It is at 2 New High Street, Headington, Oxford.
It is at 330 N. Wabash Avenue.
It is at 50° 17 North, 05° 40 East.
It is at 50° 37 North, 05° 58 East.
It is at 50° 40 North, 05° 10 East.
It is at 50° 49 North, 04° 30 East.
It is at 50° 50 North, 04° 49 East.
It is at 50° 51 North, 05° 29 East.
It is at 50° 52 North, 04° 18 East.
It is at 50° 53 North, 05° 07 East.
It is at 50° 54 North, 02° 55 East.
It is at 50° 59 North, 03° 16 East.
It is at 51° 00 North, 04° 12 East.
It is at 51° 03 North, 03° 48 East.
It is at 51° 04 North, 02° 39 East.
It is at 51° 06 North, 03° 59 East.
It is at 51° 07 North, 04° 20 East.
It is at 51° 09 North, 02° 58 East.
It is at 51° 09 North, 04° 27 East.
It is at 51° 14 North, 04° 49 East.
It is at coord and is convert in diameter.
It is a terrible scene showing the execution of the Emperor Maximillian of Mexico by a firing squad.
It is a thin, clear membrane that fits loosely over the pia mater.
It is at latitude 43.912 and longitude -91.56 (Ridgeway Panoramio Photos).
It is at least 3,500 years old.
It is attended by experienced leaders.
It is at the larva stage that they are able to travel from one host creature to another.
It is attributed to the development of the brain or that of the child.
It is a type of water bird known as a wader.
It is a very ancient dance form, and occurs in many societies.
It is a very interesting thing that, as Bakker says, Bakker, Robert T. 1986.
It is a very long work, lasting more than an hour.
It is a very old province; the capital city, Maastricht, is over 2000 years old.
It is a very poor and under-developed country.
It is a very strong muscle.
It is a viscous liquid at normal temperatures.
It is awarded to the player who scored the best goal in each year.
It is a well known resort, since the atmosphere is thought to be healthy.
It is a white circular tower made of iron.
It is a white powdery solid.
It is backwards compatibility to the slower rates and 6-pin connectors of FireWire 400. However, while the IEEE 1394a and IEEE 1394b standards are compatible, connectors are different, making the cables used by previous versions incompatible.
It is based how the public believes the company will perform in the future.
It is based on a long custom of giving gifts to poor people.
It is based on a true story.
It is based on Theravada Buddhism.
It is beautiful, it is fine, it is the noblest form of affection.
It is Beethoven's only opera.
It is believed retinal migraines are caused by vasospasms of the blood vessels of the eye in the area of the retina.
It is believed that she may have suffered from a mental illness which caused mood swings.
It is believed that the Goddess Bhadrakali searches her enemy demon, Daaruka in all directions before putting him to death.
It is believed that there are problems with the brain's wiring in schizophrenia.
It is believed that the version of the Miserere mei Deus performed today, is very different to the work that Allegri composed.
It is believed they were the earliest written mathematics related books which have actually survived.
It is believed to be written in 1398 BC.
It is best for soil to have a little bit of clay and humus in it for growing plants.
It is between convert wide.
It is between the Second Intermediate Period and the Third Intermediate Period.
It is bigger, thinner, and brighter than the DS Lite and the Game Boy Advance slot was removed (in place of an SD Card), which caused a lot of disappointment when it came out.
It is bordered on all sides by a white line indicating its beginning and end points.
It is build on the bank of a lagoon.
It is built into the castle's battlements 83 feet up from the ground.
It is built of granite and limestone.
It is called an idée fixe (
It is called Daltonism because John Dalton discovered it.
It is called "garage rock" because many of the groups that played it were made up of young amateurs, often in high school and college, who sometimes rehearsed in their families' garages.
It is called House of Chalk because of its white walls.
It is called lateral inhibition as it stops (inhibits) neighboring neurons from firing.
It is called Pistou.
It is called the Flynn effect.
It is called the ring-necked snake because it has a stripe around its neck that looks like a ring.
It is called the "Rucellai Madonna" because the Rucellai, who were a very rich family, paid for the decoration of the main chapel of the church, where this altarpiece was hung in the 1600s.
It is called the Schuylkill Expressway in Philadelphia.
It is called Water, Nature and the Contemporary (current).
It is carried by at least three licensed radio stations in the United States, in addition to one unlicensed Part 15 station and the satellite Galaxy 19.
It is catalase and oxidase-positive.
"It is certain that we cannot overcome anguish, for we are anguish."
It is certain this was known to the Germans, and may have helped the tribes come together to resist him.
It is characterised by repeated, varied attempts which are continued until success, Concise Oxford Dictionary p1489 or until the agent stops trying.
It is characterized by a jelly-like matrix with collagen, spicules, and various cells embedded within.
It is characterized by mostly calm winds.
It is clear that almost all of them emphasize money making in one form or another, although a few seem to be very much involved in demeaning or self denigrating activities and rituals.
It is closely related to another branch of pharmacology, pharmacodynamics, which describes how a drugs affects the body.
It is closely related to the black grouse (T. tetrix).
It is close to the western side of the St Arnaud Range National Park.
It is commonly known and sold as Lexapro or Cipralex.
It is commonly used as a measure of antagonist drug potency in pharmacological research.
It is commonly used in Spanish (estadounidense) and widely used in Latin American Spanish.
It is composed of four parts.
It is confirmed that molecules can collapse to 2D.
It is considered as one of the ways for middle or high school students to apply for the high ranked domestic universities.
It is considered rude to enter the tub without first washing, as shown by Satsuki before she enters the tub with her father and Mei.
It is considered the emerging city in Morang District.
It is convert above sea-level.
It is convert in length.
It is convert long.
It is convert long and flows into Vembanad Lake at Kumarakom.
It is convert long from east to west and convert wide from north to south.
It is convert southwest of Idar-Oberstein.
It is convert tall and has 54 floors.
It is cooler because it is more than 4,800 feet above sea level.
It is covered with bushes.
It is cream-brown or red-brown in colour.
It is currently airing.
It is currently in its third generation.
It is currently unclear from what moment the embryo or fetus can feel pain.
It is dated about 520 510 BC.
It is deduced from its internal content.
It is democratic because the president, vice-president and the members of Congress are elected by the people.
It is designed to stop people falling down the hole and to stop people going underground if they are not allowed to.
It is developed and published by Klei Entertainment.
It is difficult to imagine that a translation error occurred here, especially when considering that ‘greater’ is ‘größer’ and ‘different’ is ‘unterschiedlich’ in German, respectively.
It is directed by Gil Junger.
It is directed by Jeff Fowler.
It is directed by the Canadian Soccer Association.
It is directed by Tomas Alfredson and Svante Kettner.
It is divided into 1000 fils.
It is divided into four Farthings: the North-, West-, South- and Eastfarthing.
It is divided into two revenue divisions namely erode and Gobichettipalayam and further subdivision into 6 taluks.
It is due to uncontrolled growth of pigment cells, called melanocytes.
It is during this period in Athens from 335 to 323 when Aristotle is believed to have written many of his works.
It is easier to read the music if it is written in A flat major (4 flats).
It is easily damaged by fishing gear.
It is easy to check if a number is prime, but it is very difficult to find those numbers in the first place.
It is easy to operate.
It is Edwardstone's main settlement.
It is either directly added as small pieces or put in powdered form during the preparation of tea.
It is electric potential energy per unit charge.
It is enjoyed by all ages.
It is enough strong to carry its own load.
It is essentially a secure connection which can help prevent website blocking and can help you bypass censorship.
It is estimated that over £30,000 (approaching £11 million in 2007 values) were spent during the 1540s, 50% more than the construction of the entire Bridewell Palace.
It is estimated to be worth between $20 and $25 billion.
It is fairly certain that all phyla originated in the sea or, at any rate, in water.
It is famous because it reaches the highest ranges of a female voice.
It is famous for its fishing and Production of palm sap, palm sugar,palm jaggery etc.It is one of the biggest districts in tamilnadu by area space.
It is famous for its intense odor, which is its main defence.
It is flanked by four huge wings of student and faculty accommodations.
It is for his batting that he is most renowned.
It is formed by the confluence (joining) of the Khunjerab River, Gujerab River, Misgar River, Chapursan River and Shimshal River.
It is found along the banks of the West Nishnabotna River.
It is founded in 1587, Taguig is named taga-giik (Tagalog for "rice thresher").
It is found from sea level to high mountains.
It is found in many different places in almost all kinds of rock.
It is found in small amounts in leafy green vegetables.
It is found in the countryside.
It is four-wheel drive and has a front mounted V6 engine.
It is frequent for new physics to be discovered if experimental physicists do an experiment that current theories cannot explain, or for theoretical physicists to generate theories which can then be put to the test by experimental physicists.
It is from her first record, Centipede.
It is from the Greek lang (anastasis) meaning "
It is generally 600 ft (180 m) and upwards.
It is generally believed that the play was written for the festivities surrounding the aristocratic marriage of either Elizabeth Vere, Lord Burghley’s granddaughter, in 1595, or Elizabeth Carey, daughter of Sir George Carey, in 1596.
It is generally not performed by men because most male skaters are not flexible enough to perform the spin.
It is generally understood to have only occurred twice: Pope Pius IX’s definition of the dogma of Mary’s Immaculate Conception in 1854 and Pope Pius XII’s definition of the dogma of Mary’s Assumption in 1950.
It is given out by the Nippon Academy-shō Association.
It is given to someone who has done important work and who is under the age of 40 years.
It is grouped and governed as part of the Far Eastern District.
It is grown as an ornamental plant in gardens.
It is hard and blue-gray.
It is hard for people from other countries to visit North Korea.
It is hard to compare these two.
It is hard to know exactly how many people live in the city because many of them are nomadic.
It is hard (virtually impossible) to visualize four dimensions, but some analogy can be made, using the method below.
It is headed by Leopoldo Gómez, the Vice President of News for Televisa.
It is held at the Jacob Javits Convention Center.
It is held by the host chairperson of the previous Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM), and is maintained until the next CHOGM.
It is highly soluble in water.
It is highly unlikely that North Korea would ever fire against the US, Japan or South Korea.
It is his first novel and was published in 1964 under the names James Ngugi.
It is home to one of the secondary schools on the island, The Lodge School.
It is home to some of Washington's most famous places, like the Jefferson Memorial, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial, and the Tidal Basin.
It is home to the Ben Hall a notorius Australian bushranger.
It is home to the Canadian Opera Company and the National Ballet of Canada.
It is home to the largest airport in Italy, the Leonardo da Vinci–Fiumicino Airport.
It is hosted in a studio.
It is important that the gas is inert in order to minimize interferences in the output of the data.
It is important to note that peoples with similar languages did not always share the same material culture, nor were they always allies.
It is important to take this effect into account when testing animals' intelligence or human intelligence.
It is in charge of Kansas's public health system, medical papers, and environment.
It is in Chitrakuta.
It is in February or March each year.
It is in order by height including antennas.
It is in "penetrating" form, in "pushing" form (Push kick, Pushing kick) or in "snapping" form (Front snap kick).
It is inside the Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge.
It is interesting to note that at the siege of Montsegur when the fires were lit the Cathars ran down the hill and threw themselves on, as their beliefs were very strong.
It is in the centre of Switzerland.
It is in the Christian Topography of Cosmas Indicopleustes.
It is in the eastern part of the country.
It is in the east of Singapore, with a total of four terminals with airlines flying to many different parts of the world.
It is in the greater area of the town of Brookhaven.
It is in the key of A minor, and is marked Maestoso espressivo - Largamente - Tempo primo.
It is in the middle of a park at the end of a long pool.
It is in the Moyamba District.
It is in the northeastern corner of the country.
It is in the north of the Cynon Valley.
It is in the northwest corner of Wales.
It is in the same area as the first Pirelli factory in the 19th century.
It is in the southern part of the '
It is in the southwest part of Xi'an.
It is in the upper Schächental.
It is in the western part of the state.
It is Iranian–American Ali "Dubfire" Shirazinia and Sharam Tayebi.
It is issued by the Central Bank of Sri Lanka.
It is known as a twin neighborhood of West Lawn.
It is known as the Duke.
It is known for being the last time that Chaplin played the Tramp character and for being the first time Chaplin's voice is heard on movie.
It is known for its wide streets.
It is large and heavy-bodied with a dorsal crest of short spines running from the bottom of the neck to the end of the tail.
It is led by Khalil Ibrahim.
It is less expensive than DC because you can increase and decrease the current very easily.
It is less useful than a good modern design, and its holding power for its weight is among the worst of all anchor types.
It is lighter and stronger than copper wire, which helps prevent the cables from sagging.
It is lightly managed.
It is like blowing across the top of an empty bottle.
It is listed a vulnerable tree, which means that it is in danger of dying out unless efforts are made to save it.
It is located at 26°58'0N 64°5'60E.
It is located at around coord.
It is located at the edge of the Aston University campus.
It is located at the intersection of Seventh Avenue and 53rd Street in Manhattan, it is served by the D and E trains and B train on weekdays.
It is located close to Cheong Wa Dae.
It is located in northern rural New South Wales.
It is located in northwestern Fayette County.
It is located in the southwestern section of the Tiergarten.
It is located next door of The Loud House.
It is located next to lake Greifensee.
It is located on 35 West Wacker Drive at North Dearborn Street.
It is located on the east bank, opposite to the city of Kampen on the west bank.
It is located on the Stratford International branch of the Docklands Light Railway, citation which opened on 31 August 2011.
It is located opposite Dover and serves the Industrial estate and schools nearby.
It is located west of the country.
It is located west of the Indus River in Sindh.
It is longer than the regular flute.
It is "long established as the leading alternative to Oxford and Cambridge".
It is made by lying on one's back and moving one's arms up and down, and one's legs from side to side, to make the shape of an angel.
It is made for viewers aged 3 to 9 years old.
It is made from red chili, glutinous rice, fermented soybeans and salt.
It is made mostly to store scanned documents.
It is made of 5 main actions under which several projects are implemented by local promoters who submit their projects to their national agency.
It is made of minced meat and has an egg-based topping.
It is made of one or more movie projectors, which are linked to a movie camera.
It is made of two horseshoe-shaped islets, Manuae to the west and Te Au O Tu to the east, with a total area of 6.17 km² http://www.nzetc.org/tm/scholarly/tei-KloDisc-t1-body-d5.html: 1,524 acres on either side of a lagoon about 7 km x 4 km.
It is made smaller using a sizer and crusher.
It is made up of 12 vertebrae.
It is made up of a spinning stick with glass bowls around it.
It is made up of smaller neighborhoods of Big Oaks, Norwood Park East, Norwood Park West, Old Norwood Park, Oriole Park, and Union Ridge.
It is made up of three quarks.
It is mainly about the little family farm inside the city.
It is mainly mined in China, Mexico and Russia.
It is mass-produced food.
It is measured by a measuring instrument when another object is placed under pressure.
It is mentioned in the Bible and there often called the Kingdom of Ammon.
It is milder and less salty than regular soy sauce.
It is most known for its porcelain factory, Gustavsberg porcelain, and toilet bowls distributed nationwide and internationally.
It is mostly classified as sui generis.
It is most often seen in children and women.
It is much easier to gather fruit with a baby on your hip or back than to hunt a fast-moving animal.
It is named after Abraham's grandson, Jacob, who was also called Israel and who was the father of the twelve tribes.
It is named after Ebba Ramsay's youth friend Cecilia Willerding.
It is named after the Spanish clerk Ruy Lopez who invented the method.
It is named after the Taraba River.
It is named for Soviet architect Alexey Shchusev.
It is named "Toontown" after a place in the movie, Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
It is native to northern China and has been raised by humans for thousands of years.
It is near Sopore.
It is near the E.J. Whitten Bridge, and is almost 400 metres long (hence the quarter mile name).
It is near the former site of Lower Edmonton (low level) railway station.
It is near the Gold River in Strathcona Provincial Park.
It is near the rivers Lonja, Ilova and Pakra.
It is next to Bangor, Maine.
It is nicknamed, "The Fair City".
It is no longer a municipality.
It is no longer a royal residence and is today a museum.
It is normally active at dusk, eating bamboo leaves and shoots.
It is normally an after dinner drink.
It is normally dry, but can be filled by local flooding or when the Strzelecki Creek flows into it.
It is normally made by reacting rubidium and hydrogen.
It is not a changed civilian truck.
It is not against the law to speak mother tongue during working hours.
It is not a silly thing at all to enjoy a stone in a tray.
It is not clear how Herrera died.
It is not common and can be valuable in finer grades.
It is not completely grown until 2 3 years of age.
It is not enough just to act as though one has these feelings.
It is not for all literature that is written in the French language.
It is not her husband, but her cousin Baron Ochs.
It is not known for sure when he was born.
It is not known if this is true.
It is not known when cheese was first made.
It is not known when the county seat was moved.
It is not known whether Paul actually wrote all of these letters, or whether other people could have written the letters for him.
It is not known why the attack happened.
It is not official, but it is used.
It is not on the island, but it is was built by the people who drove huge beams of wood into the riverbed.
It is not possible that he could be of the Holy Ghost, there must be a man.
It is not sure whether Goya really painted them.
It is not thought that sexual orientation is a choice.
It is not uncommon for a Kempo artist to both use traditional Japanese and Chinese style techniques.
It is not when you hit your head with something and made it hurt that way, but when your head hurts from inside.
It is now a gel.
It is now common for cardboard to be manufactured with a large percentage of recycled fibers.
It is now consigned to history after Rangers were liquidated in the summer of 2012.
It is now decommissioned.
It is now expected that when the Univisa is implemented, that it will apply to non SADC international (long-haul) tourists travelling to and within the region and that it will encourage multi - destination travel within the region.
It is now known there is no land at that location.
It is now part of the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust, together with Guy's Hospital and King's College Hospital.
It is now part of the in the Lubusz Voivodship (a Voivoidship is part of the way Poland is organised into areas), before it was in Zielona Gora Voivodship (1975-1998).
It is now popular as a place for holidays with activities including sailing, power boating, fishing and swimming.
It is now the longest pedestrian bridge in Canada.
It is now thought that the Oldowan toolmaking tradition started about 2.6 million years ago.
It is now thought to be between 300,000 and 350,000 years old.
It is often called the “Blue lotus of India”, but it is not a true lotus (of the lotus family, Nelumbaceae; the genus Lotus is in the legume family, Fabaceae).
It is often called the 'Wilson chamber'.
It is often combined with LMAO to make ROFLMAO ("Rolling on the floor laughing my ass off").
It is often "jazzed up" for television commercials at Christmas time.
It is often known simply as prominence.
It is often not simply the sum of the individual tread lengths due to the nosing overlapping between treads.
It is often said that a person who is creative is "right-brained," while a person who is more logical or "book-smart" is "left-brained."
It is often thought that Intercourse argues that "all heterosexual sex is rape" even though Andrea Dworkin did not say this.
It is often used to accompany them.
It is often used when people want a mean of rates or percentages.
It is one of 7 towns on Kodiak Island.
It is one of a small number of surviving live recordings of him.
It is one of India's 50 "Project Tiger" - tiger reserves.
It is one of only four 4-connected simplicial well-covered polyhedra, meaning that all of the maximal independent sets of its vertices have the same size.
It is one of seven marine turtle species living today.
It is one of the 88 modern constellations today.
It is one of the better-known gibbons.
It is one of the biggest district in Tamil Nadu.
It is one of the biggest genera in the plant kingdom.
It is one of the busiest waterways in the world.
It is one of the classical ten styles.
It is one of the few parts of the Bible which has a female author.
It is one of the few videogames that you can fly the Japanese Shinden and Shinden Kai, the Shinden is the airplane shown on the game's box.
It is one of the highest cities in the world.
It is one of the largest and best preserved town fortresses in Europe.
It is one of the last and largest remaining parts of the large primeval forest that once went across the European Plain.
It is one of the lowest places in Death Valley.
It is one of the main entities in the Israeli Intelligence Community, along with Aman (
It is one of the most successful dealers on the west coast.
It is one of the most watched shows in TV history with 125 million people watching.
It is one of the oldest breeds of dogs.
It is one of the oldest buildings in the city and is on the northern side of the main square.
It is one of the smallest colleges with about 450 students.
It is one of the smallest universities in the country.
It is one of the thinnest areas of skin on a persons body.
It is one of the top ten zoos in the world by acreage (210 acres in 2013), and number of species (705 species in 2013).
It is one of the twenty largest cities in Switzerland.
It is one of the well-defined community areas in the city of Chicago.
It is one of two land-locked parishes.
It is one of Vermeer's smallest pictures.
It is only 769 kilometers (478 miles) from the North Pole.
It is only the language used to describe them that has been made simpler.
It is on the Alde river.
It is on the east bank of the Volga.
It is on the eastern bank of the Taedong River, opposite the Kim Il-Sung Square.
It is on the Middle Raccoon River.
It is on the National highway 47.
It is on the Outer Banks.
It is on the Schwarzbach river.
It is on the Tenryū River.
It is on the the Pizza Hall of Fame as the first pizzeria in the United States.
It is open every day of the year.
It is open for the summer season from April til the middle of October.
It is operated by the operated by the Sistema de Transporte Colectivo (STC).
It is operated by Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona (TMB).
It is opposite of XOR GATE.
It is otherwise not a very notable place, with few amenities or comforts.
It is outermost covering of the animal cell.
It is owned by Corus Entertainment.
It is owned by Lucio Tan, listed by Forbes Magazine as the second richest Filipino in the Philippines, with assets worth $1.5 billion.
It is owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment.
It is owned by the city of Newark and run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
It is owned by the same company as The Observer, which only publishes on Sunday.
It is particularly known for the elaborate Wagah border ceremony that happens at the International border gate before 5PM each day.
It is part of Brazeau County.
It is part of Bruce County.
It is part of the contact process used to make sulfuric acid.
It is part of the KU Biodiversity Institute, a research center about the study of the life of the planet.
It is part of the Ogden-Clearfield Metropolitan Statistical Area.
It is part of the Tuamasaga district.
It is Perry's first collaboration with Zedd.
It is played in many countries by people of all types and ages.
It is played in over twenty-five countries around the world.
It is poisonous because it has lead in it.
It is popular with top players.
It is possible that Hlin may be another aspect of Frigg.
It is possible that the road began as a defensive ditch that was later filled in and converted into a road, or possibly a defensive ditch ran alongside the road for at least some of its length.
It is possible to measure and adjust the strength of magnetism between these layers.
It is presided over by a president normally from the largest party represented, assisted by vice-presidents from across the represented political spectrum.
It is primarily used by cakemakers and pâtisseries to add decoration to cakes and pastries.
It is privately owned by the Barringer family through the Barringer Crater Company.
It is probably the key with the most sharps that it can play well.
It is probably the most famous "lost mine" legend in Australia.
It is probably the smallest cathedral ever built.
It is produced by Trigger.
It is pronounced as /e/ in IPA.
It is published every 3 months.
It is pushed out (
It is quite big: 30–40 km in diameter.
It is rarely spoken as its native speakers are very old.
It is rated at 2.4 on a scale from 0 (the most corrupt) to 10 (the most clean). citation Uganda is one of the poorest nations in the world.
It is reached by accepting Reginald’s offer by using the dummies.
It is read by people in northwest Tasmanian towns such as Burnie, Ulverstone, Devonport, Penguin, Wynyard, Latrobe and Smithton.
It is recommended to drink six to eight glasses of water a day to help keep stools soft.
It is related to dogs and foxes.
It is related to the serotine bat (Eptesicus serotinus).
It is revealed in the television series that Freddy has hidden his resolve to vegetarianism from his parents for years and has not spoken to them since years before the events of the movie and series.
It is reviewed every two years.
It is safer, more reliable, and cheaper than the Luger.
It is safer to use when it is important not to hit anything on the other side of the target.
It is safe to do many exercises without a spotter.
It is said "158 over 99."
It is said that a Chinese princess smuggled eggs to Khotan, hidden in her hair.
It is said that the head fell at Hingula or Hinglaj.
It is said to be the biggest department store in Europe.
It is separated from Asia Minor, by the approximately 1 mile wide Mycale Strait.
It is set in Imperial Russia, 1905.
It is shown on Bravo Television on cable.
It is shown on the geologic map with triangular teeth pointing toward the upthrown side of the fault.
It is similar to the Chinese onion but it is bigger in size.
It is simplified, and buildings made after the Renaissance follow these simplified rules.
It is situated to the north-east of Dhaka city.
It is situated to the south-east of Derby city centre, and is close to the west bank of the River Derwent.
It is situated underground, beneath the junction of Stamford Road and North Bridge Road, and is thus east of the Singapore River.
It is sold with different battery sizes – for $58,750 it can go convert.
It is sometimes called the "Undertaker Bird" due to its shape from behind: cloak-like wings and back, skinny white legs, and sometimes a large white mass of "hair."
It is sometimes just called arterial blood.
It is sometimes referred to as the Yellowstone Supervolcano.
It is sometimes thought to be a kind of brainstorming.
It is sometimes very hard for doctors to detect.
It is somewhat rounded.
It is somewhat unusual in the West.
It is south of the Bonin Islands.
It is south of the city centre.
It is spoken as a first language by over 86% of the population.
It is spoken by the Munda people.
It is sponsored by a town or city.
It is stable and strong to support wall fixtures.
It is still in use today.
It is still the world's largest single producer, and the production of gum arabic is heavily controlled by the Sudanese government.
It is still unclear what causes autism.
It is still undecided if the Confederate States of America was ever a country.
It is still used by several regions besides Jehovah’s Witnesses.
It is still used today for some professional recording and playback, but for home use reels were mostly replaced with other kinds of tape in the 1970s.
It is still used where the ability to show different colors is not very important.
It is strange that the platypus does not live in some healthy rivers.
It is suitable for tea with milk and particularly spice.
It is supported by eight huge Osirid pillars.
It is supposed that the turtles had started mating in the aerated surface waters of the ancient lake.
It is supposed that the worms modify the immune reactions in the parts of the intestine where they live.
It is supposed to be a long gone mythological time of our earth.
It is supposed to have replaced an older wooden church.
It is surrounded by thirty six columns which are convert high.
It is taken away from Kislev (month three counting from Tishrei), which then has 29 days.
It is territorial.
It is the 15th largest edition by article count.
It is the 69th highest mountain in the world.
It is the administrative capital of the Gniezno County (powiat).
It is the administrative center of the Nišava District.
It is the administrative center of Ulyanovsk Oblast.
It is the best of his works in the neo-classical style.
It is the best-selling new jack swing album ever released.
It is the biggest city in Crawford County and southeast Kansas.
It is the biggest lake in south Canada.
It is the counting number for all of the whole numbers.
It is the crosslinks in the fluid that give a gel its structure.
It is the current slogan.
It is the eighth oldest in the world.
It is the female form of Adrien.
It is the fifth-biggest fire department in Connecticut.
It is the fifth game in the Punch-Out!
It is the fifth largest city in Burkina Faso.
It is the first "
It is the first federal building in Washington, D.C. designed for both governmental and private society reasons.
It is the first game to feature multiplayer.
It is the first time a snowboarder has represented Greece at the Winter Paralympics.
It is the first video game console released in Japan.
It is the food of animals which operate as 'filter-feeders'.
It is the fourth largest town in Powys, with a population of 6,664.
It is the fourth part in the Shrek movie franchise.
It is the harvest festival in the Punjab region.
It is the headquarters of the Nellore district.
It is the head shrine of Inari, the rice god.
It is the head town of the San Lorenzo Department.
It is the highest village above sea level in St. Vincent.
It is the home of the Air Force Doctrine Development and Education Center.
It is the home of the Furuset ice hockey team.
It is the imaginary line drawn by the experts which has a particular amount if anybody earn income which is lower than this amount is known as poor and other who earn more than this amount is known as non-poor.
It is their first English song.
It is their responsibility to make sure nobody is hurt while weapons are being used.
It is the largest city.
It is the largest city in Kerala.
It is the largest engineering project in Australia.
It is the largest member of the Seven Sisters group of colleges.
It is the largest metropolitan area in Israel.
It is the largest mosque and second mosque to be built in Hong Kong.
It is the largest mountain in the region and has the nicknames "Giant of Provence" and "The Bald Mountain".
It is the largest stadium in Costa Rica and one of the largest in Central America.
It is the last of their fourteen operettas.
It is the least dense metal and the least dense element in a solid or liquid state.
It is the longest river in the world.
It is the longest running parliament in the world.
It is the longest-running television show in American television history.
It is the main city on the island.
It is the main component of connective tissue, and is the most abundant protein in mammals.
It is the measure of how much an object resists heat flow.
It is the most abundant subspecies estimated at more than 6,000 individuals in the wild.
It is the most close to an absolute desert in the world.
It is the most common oxide on Earth.
It is the most important city in Wales for tourism, culture, government, sport, transport, nightlife and business.
It is the most lively tourist area on the island.
It is the most viewed video of the LazyTown YouTube channel.
It is the municipal capital of Mbale District and also its administrative city.
It is the name of the English Third Division since the 2004-2005 season.
It is then put into bottles or cartons to be sold.
It is the official journal of the Australian Medical Association and began in 1914.
It is the official working language of Ethiopia and has about 62 million speakers (including second language speakers).
It is the oldest permanent European city in the Americas.
It is the oldest video on his channel that people can still watch.
It is the only antwren with white flank patches.
It is the only country in the world to be next to three oceans at once.
It is the only language of the North Cushitic branch still spoken.
It is the only living species in the family Upupidae.
It is the only one of the two whose members offer a full range of scholarships for football.
It is the only Sicilian province which is not next to the ocean.
It is the only village in South Dakota.
It is the other chemicals in the water which may give water a flavour.
It is the output value after substituting an input value for x.
It is the place where the souls of the dead people used to go.
It is the rare book where we find the term of Hindu.
It is therefore harder for students to get into these universities.
It is the result of a test for hydrogen sulfide.
It is the same as "morally neutral".
It is the same to the rank of lieutenant in the Navy/Coast Guard officer rank system.
It is the second largest airline.
It is the second-largest island in Malta.
It is the second prolonged cold spell within a year.
It is the sequel to the 2000 game, Jet Set Radio.
It is the seventh largest town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
It is the seventh most populated region in the country after Jizan.
It is the shortest of Paul's letters, consisting of only 335 words in the Greek text.
It is the side and small village of buner near 4 km to south bampokha.
It is the story of a civil servant who falls into the trap of corruption.
It is the strongest hurricane ever recorded to strike so far inland.
It is the tallest mountain in Korea.
It is the third and final movie of the Fifty Shades series.
It is the third largest city in Minnesota.
It is the third oldest courthouse still in use in the United States.
It is the transfer of one good or service for another.
It is the word Jews use most often when not praying to talk about God.
It is this mesh-like form that gives hexactinellids the firmness and strength required to live at depths of 25 to 8,500 meters (80–29,000 feet).
"It is this puzzle that MLS Commissioner Don Garber grapples with every day.
It is thought of as a 'cult movie'.
It is thought that only 10% of all species have been discovered.
It is thought to be his last play, and probably written about 1593.
It is thought to have 1.5 million speakers.
It is to prefer avoiding losses to acquiring equivalent gains.
It is to the east of Great Northern Highway, which is south of the town Newman and about 200 kilometres north of Wiluna.
It is traditionally divided into Upper and Lower Galilee.
It is typically based on the fear of real and possible events (for example, being bit by a dog or falling off of a roof).
It is unclear as to when the world's peak oil will happen, though many scientists agree that it was reached in the early 2000s or before 2020.
It is unclear, however, if the narrator actually has very acute senses or if he is merely imagining things.
It is unknown how Donald died but it happened in 900, 11 years after the start of his reign.
It is unknown when the last Czech pagans were Christianised.
It is unknown where all the blockhouses were at.
It is until now the only country that has granted Muslims the status of a recognized religious community.
It is up to the engineer to continually determine the reasonableness of the results, something that can be lost when numbers are carelessly entered into a computer program or a calculator.
It is used as a gemstone.
It is used as an active ingredient in pesticides.
It is used by both the Caledonian Canal and the A82 road, which link the city of Inverness on the east coast with Fort William on the West.
It is used by holding the free end of the string (usually by inserting one finger in a slip knot) and pulling at it so as to cause the spool to turn while it is hanging in mid-air, either winding or unwinding the string.
It is used for both "
It is used for freight and sightseeing exclusively.
It is used for referring to non-
It is used in many traditional arts.
It is used in sewage processing.
It is used to apply both to the seven kingdoms and to the time period in which they existed.
It is used to disarm your opponent and is a rather simple spell to use.
It is used to dye steel a blue-grey color.
It is used to emphasize a few words as a bolded text can attract attention from the reader.
It is used to keep small items like keys connected to a keyring.
It is used to make various chemicals.
It is used to transmit the power from the driveshaft to the drive wheels.
It is usual for people to "give up" something for Lent.
It is usually cooked.
It is usually eaten without being cut because if it is cut, it implies “break up”.
It is usually made of six parts, called feet.
It is usually painted on both sides of the aircraft, most often in the tail area, although in some cases the serial is painted on the side of the aircraft's fin/rudder(s).
It is usually put between two sheets of paper.
It is usually sung three times at the end of Vespers during an All-Night Vigil.
It is usually used to allow a computer or router with only an IPv4 address to obtain an IPv6 address (or maybe more than one address, to serve more than one computer).
It is usually used to enrich or alter the quality of something.
It is usually used to refer to gay men, but may also be used for lesbian women.
It is very close to the river Ganga.
It is very common that the company will instead register the copyright to avoid their employees from claiming their works.
It is very narrow in the south and widens in the northern part of the province.
It is very powerful for its small size.
It is very social and lives in "corsac cities" where animals have several dens with connected holes.
It is well known for the diamond shape upon the top of the building.
It is well known for the road bridge across the river which was built to replace the dangerous ford in the Middle Ages.
It is well-known for waterfalls, serene landscape surrounded by the beautiful Koubru mountains.
It is what a person says when he or she is addressing another person in second person.
It is where Chinese civilization originated from.
It is where Rolls-Royce Motor Cars is based.
It is white, brown, black, and olive green.
It is worth 5 cents.
It is worth remembering that in the past most people could not write.
It keeps the skin very clarified.
It kept the game more open.
It killed eleven people.
It lasted nine months.
It lasted only 27 hours, as it dissipated on August 29.
It later became an important railway town.
It later became her third UK number one hit.
It launched in January 2013.
It lays eggs, 500 at a time, when the ground floods and makes temporary pools.
It lead to the single Number Nine (lang), which made it to number five on the Gaon Digital Chart.
It lead to two Gaon top five singles.
It lights up the battlefield at night.
It likes to live in muddy habitats.
It lived about 90 million years ago.
It lives in Asia.
It lives in many different types of habitats.
It lives in mountains, foothills, and coastal plains.
It lives in similar habitat in the Andes.
It looked similar to a pile of crystals and icebergs.
It looks a lot like the breve symbol, but is more pointed at the bottom.
It looks for food during the day.
It looks like the alphabet character called hua (華).
It looks very richly decorated with traditional cord wrappings and a specially designed handle.
It lost 6.9 percent of the people who lived there.
It lowers the leading of blood flow.
It made 14 classes into three groups and used factored results for each of the three groups.sfncheck At the 2006 Games, there were 55 male competitors in the Super-G compared to 18 women in the standing group.
It made a lot of money the box office about $1,815,000.
It made landfall in Texas and quickly died, the same day.
It made over $134 million worldwide.
It made the second most money of all movies in the United States in 1986.
It makes a cloud of dust that is bad for people, animals and plants.
It makes bad events less strong.
It makes food last longer, and be easier to digest.
It makes it easier to adapt to the changing storage needs of computer users.
It makes no difference if the weight is lifted slowly or quickly.
It makes people sicker than those with other types of malaria, because there are more of them in the blood.
It makes the unique colors and shine of Wakasa lacquerware.
It makes up about one-third (1/3) of all body water.
It managed to take over much of Europe.
It may also be awarded to a player whose shot rebounds (off a defender, goalkeeper or goalpost) to a teammate who scores.
It may be calculated by multiplying the diameter times "
It may be connected with animation, movies or comic books collecting.
It may be difficult to decide whether to face the challenge, or walk away.
It may be four times larger in the next decade from 2012.
It may be served cold, warm, or at room temperature.
It may be to protect a friendly government against an uprising.
It may contain air, fluids, or semi-solid material.
It may have been discovered as early as the 1820s, by M.Depretz.
It may have to do with a person or many people.
It may very well have been possible for Stuart to reach the north coast earlier if he had the Government support that Gregory, Babbage and Tolmer were granted.
It means causing a death.
It means "fuck me".
It means "moon" or "month".
It means "someone who deserves to be to honored."
It means that the marketing environment (internal and external to the organization or individual) is looked at.
It means "The Great Charlemagne".
It means the same thing as any of the other names.
It meant "boldness, ambition, pride", and since none of these were considered appropriate for a woman it is the name of a witch.
It measures 46 x 36 in. It hangs in the Toledo Museum of Art.
It more vigorously pronounces the letter "R" than some other kinds do.
It mostly featured child actors in a sketch comedy format, acting out short scenes based on a theme that served as the topic for the episode.
It mounted two 12-inch gun M1895 costal guns.
It moved around in the Atlantic Ocean and almost became a hurricane.
It moved faster than the Great Dark Spot.
It moved its headquarters to Berlin in 1884, although its registered office stayed in Dresden until 1950.
It moved northeastward, entraining cold air into its circulation.
It moved northwestward, to become Tropical Storm Carla on the 5th and Hurricane Carla on the 6th.
It moved strangely just offshore of the United States.
It moved to the north-north west and became a hurricane by the next day.
It moved towards Dunlap, and a trailer park.
It moved towards the northwest along Mexico, and it quickly gained strength.
It moved very slowly northwest and did not become a tropical depression.
It moves as one showing no resistance to its motion.
It moves heat from the inside of a building to the outside.
It nests on the ground in or next to dense bushes.
It now includes what used to be Amarapura.
It occupies 10.6% of South Korea's whole area.
It occurs on our skin normally.
It offers bicycles under its own brand and under the Anchor brand.
It offers four-year and eight-year study.
It officially became a city on April 15, 1897.
It officially started May 15, 2002, in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 2002, in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 2002.
It often can be cured if found and treated in its early stages.
It often kills.
It often lives near human houses, where it can climb into pipes.
It often looked after a treasure.
It once had the county offices.
It only has two antonyms, and they are disorder and disorganized.
It only takes the female a few days to give birth to about five eggs.
It opened in 1853.
It opened in 1937 as Burdine Stadium.
It opened in 1960.
It opened in December 1978.
It opened in New York City on March 2, 1933 to good reviews.
It opened in time for the 1946 race.
It opened on 9 September 1869, and was originally for boys only.
It opened to mixed reviews citation and raised questions about the roles various groups played during the war.
It operated until 1943.
It operates from late April to Labor Day.
It organized the tribe as a General Council (Tribal Council).
It played in some theaters for over a year because of its popularity.
It premiered in the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and released on 4 August 2006 in the United States.
It premiered on October 1, 1968.
It probably started being used in a time when not many people could read.
It produced some of the best fine wool in 1903.
It produces a fruit that is yellow when it is ripe.
It produces a scalar.
It produces wind gusts near convert and rain.
It protects native species and restricts the release of non-native species into the wild.
It proved a mistake, because he could attract no supporters.
It provides cross platform interchange between the two lines.
It provides the main rating system for tournament chess in the United States.
It publishes articles on international, national, and local news.
It quickly became stronger on September 24; the next day, its winds peaked at 145 mph.
It quickly grew and soon became one of the largest in the world.
Itraconazole comes as a pill (capsule) and also as a liquid (solution) and they are taken by mouth.
It ran for a year.
It ran from 28 February 1969 until 6 May 1973.
It ranked 24th most expensive city of the world in 2007.
It reached No.1 in the Austrian chart.
It reached No.5 in the UK Singles Chart.
It reached number 108 on the chart in 1990.
It reached Number 1 on the British country music charts (earning Brooks his first gold album in that country) and remained charted for over five years.
It reached number eleven in the UK Albums Chart.
It reached the top five in the UK and the top 10 in Canada.
It reached the top ten in Australia, the UK, Belgium (Wallonia), Finland, Sweden, and Norway.
It reached the top three in most of the countries where it charted, including Australia and the UK.
It reacts with acids to make a barium salt and hydrogen sulfide, too.
It read, "Jumbo well; very quiet; unchained."
It received mixed reviews from critics and made $33 million on a budget of $10 million.
It receives its name for being a bridge divided into seven sections, six of a type structure "cage" and one "open", is located in the Paso Mayor of the River Sauce Grande near the site of the same name.
It refers to Mary spending her childhood in the Temple of Prayer.
It refers to their intersection on specific problems.
It remained the main seat of Portuguese India until 1530, when Goa was chosen instead.
It reopened in January 1946.
It replaced the first Beaver in December 1996.
It replaced the flag of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic.
It replaced the Kia Pride in 2003.
It replaced the Rover 200 Series in 1999, and were produced until 2005.
It reports that there are 800 million cooperative members in the world.
It represents Azerbaijan in international futsal competitions and is ranked 15 in the world.
It represents modern Turkish pronunciation with a high degree of accuracy and specificity.
It resists impact.
It resulted in the highest known exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) in residential populations citation There were many studies and new regulations after the accident.
It returned in 1967 but was abandoned after that and returned in 1974 and was observed until 1978.
It reversed course before hitting land in Florida.
It revolutionized the weaving industry.
It rings and wakes up Alba.
It rises from springs in the peaks of the Nasu Mountains.
I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men.
It runs from 6:00 to 10:00 a.m. in most countries.
It runs from High Holborn, at its north end in the London Borough of Camden, and meets Aldwych in the south in the City of Westminster at Bush House.
It runs to the southwest, between Ćelehovsko hill (909 m) and by Barišića strane (Glavica, 897 m). kartabih Mučibabić B., Ur.
It's about a man who has blood that can guard against diseases.
"It's a commercial entry point for people who want to penetrate the Latino market," said Felix Gutierrez, a journalism professor at the University of Southern California's Annenberg School for Communication in Los Angeles."
It's: a contraction of the verbal phrase it is or it has.
It said that "Croatoa" was just a village and the tribe called themselves the Tuscaroras.
It said that this opera was primitive and vulgar, full of screaming and noise.
It's a piace for young people to shop.
Its area is 195 square meter and its population is 12,853.
Its area is 2,812 km², of which about three quarters are considered productive.
Its area is about convert.
Its area is convert and population is 21,131.
Its area was 13,012,000 square miles: almost a quarter of the Earth's land area.
It saved U.S. companies on the cost of selling products to Mexico, and it saved Mexican companies on the cost of buying things from U.S. companies.
Its average annual temperature is convert during the day and convert at night.
It says he is "contemplating a solution to the mouse occupancy of the house" and has told Downing Street that such a solution is still in the "tactical planning stage".
It says nothing about a citizen bringing a suit against their own state.
It says that evolution does not deny the existence of God.
It says that members of Starfleet are not allowed to interfere (become involved in) the way a primitive society develops.
Its beach is very attractive and visited by many tourists and natives.
Its behavior was proposed by Michael A. Levin and Xiao-Gang Wen.
Its blood and horn usually have mystical powers.
Its borders with Minnesota and Illinois are only by water.
Its bottom side is standing in Arctic sea, in the middle of the Earth.
Its buildings have one million square feet (92,903,040 m 2 ) of space.
It's called the "Head to Tail" method, because each head from the previous vector leads in to the tail of the next one.
Its call is a high-pitched, 'pseet-pseet'.
Its campus comprises 1,300 acres amid a natural preserve on Jacksonville's Southside.
Its capital city is Groningen.
Its capital is Bhisho.
Its capital is Clarence Town.
Its capital is Hòa Bình.
Its capital is Salyan.
Its capital is the city of N'guigmi.
Its capital is Zaragoza, which is also the capital of the autonomous community.
Its central rite, which is public, is the Gnostic Mass.
Its chairman is George Becali (usually "Gigi" Becali).
Its characteristic phonological features are glottalized or implosive sounds.
Its chemical formula is KOH.
Its chemical structure is similar to that of ketone body beta-hydroxybutyrate.
Its churches can be found worldwide, where it serves Coptic believers who have emigrated to other countries.
Its coastline is convert long and highest altitude is convert.
Its colored because most customers expect sugar to be white.
Its colour varied from a grizzled grey through fawn orange-brown.
Its confluence with the Baltoro Glacier is called Concordia and is one of the most favorite spots for trekking in Pakistan since it provides excellent views of four of the five eight-thousanders in Pakistan.
Its course is from south to north.
Its current mayor is Heinz Buschkowsky (
Its doctrine is similar to that of Eastern Orthodoxy, with only some differences.
Its ear is sensitive to low-frequency sound, which may be ideal for detecting sounds emitted by termites and ants underground.
Its editor has been Ben de Pear since 2021.
It seems that the idea of an alphabet–a script based entirely upon sound–arose only once, and has been copied and adapted to suit many different languages.
It seems that the song speaks of somebody's desire for fame and recognition, rather than their desire for truth.
Its effects are like other drugs that come from the poppy plant sap.
It sells shoes, watches, jewellery, accessories, sunglasses and books.
It serves a total of twenty-two states.
It sets up a physical barrier against the spread of infection, and promotes healing of damaged tissue after the clearance of pathogens.
Its first episode ran on March 24, 2012.
Its first performance was there on May 8, 1946.
Its front feet are not webbed, but its hind feet are.
Its front legs were relatively long.
Its full name is The Fighting Temeraire tugged to her last Berth to be broken up as scrap.
Its full title is Rienzi, der Letzte der Tribunen (Rienzi, the Last of the Tribunes).
Its function is to keep the young near their parent(s) during the early learning period.
Its function was to make wage control policy recommendations.
Its geographical position is between 8°06'
Its goal is to match or exceed convert.
It shares a water border with New York.
It should be noted, that another side effect of the cloning, is that he cannot have children.
It should rather focus on how data are linked together.
It showed four of her paintings: Anmangunga (2006), Kata Ala (2006), Ngura Mankurpa (2006), and Kuru Ala (2007).
It showed that at least three ancestral groups contributed to present-day Europeans.
It shows a colossal cosmic "weather system" produced by the collision of two giant clusters of galaxies.
It shows how, when a person grows up, the language he or she uses becomes more and more complex.
It shows Napoleon and Cornwallis signing the peace treaty.
It shows the multiverse of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Its huge skull was comparatively light, with large air pockets.
It sits on convert.
It sits on the slopes of the Tymphristos mountain.
It's king, King Loveradiant III, reigns over his kindom in quiet tranquility from his beatiful castle that is surrounded by rich trees and lakes.
Its larger urban zone has a population of about 480,000 people.
Its largest city is Porto Novo on the south coast.
Its last stop is at the VA Medical Center in Jamaica Plain.
Its licensing fee was very small ($69) compared to the ones of other operating systems.
Its limbs were robustly built.
Its long handle, made of wood or hard plastic, is for use while standing.
It slowly strengthened, becoming Tropical Storm Hortense on September 7, four days later.
Its main attraction is ecological diversity.
Its main feature is the 10,000 acre (40 km² or 15.6 mi²) Lake Pleasant.
Its main hero is Pompilia Comparini, a young woman stabbed to death by her husband, count Guido Franceschini.
Its main problem is that different kinds of "utility" cannot easily be summed up without losing the meaning of the measurement.
Its main purpose is to allow things to roll; in other words, the wheel spins, and object on the wheels moves more easily along the ground.
It's me and I am so excited to share it with the world on November 18.
Its meaning is still debated today.
Its medium annual precipitation is of 1,041mm.
It smells sweet but is often contaminated other chemicals that smell bad.
Its mirror, 37, is the 12th, and its mirror, 21, is the product of multiplying seven and three and in binary, 73 is a palindrome, 1001001, which backwards is 1001001.
Its modern name appears in three communesː Aubeterre-sur-Dronne, Saint-Méard-de-Drône, Saint-Pardoux-de-Drône.
Its motto is First of All, Servants of All, We Shall Transcend All.
Its muscles can make it bigger or smaller.
Its name came from its dark brown color.
Its name changed to Haskell Indian Nations University in 1993. citation Haskell offered its first four-year bachelor degree program in elementary teacher education.
Its name comes from Viscount Fitzwilliam who gave the book to Cambridge University in 1816.
Its named after the Big Lost River.
Its name is derived from 'Replacement Parts Company', referring to one of its major lines of work.
Its name is short for Municipal Railway.
Its name means "single stem" and refers to its teeth, which have a single root.
Its name means 'the mound in the dark grove'.
Its name was changed because of this.
It’s not true, but I challenge anyone to say it is not a goal worth working for.
Its official name is Repubblica Italiana.
It's often used to describe the structures of organs and used in the aid of identification.
It's often used to weaken the leg for a submission hold.
It so happened that one Russian monk overheard Tomislav’s conversation with the abbot.
It sold 442,000 copies in the U.S. in the first week.
It sold more than 5,000,000 copies and remained at the top of classical music charts for 54 weeks.
Its old name was buky.
It sometimes killed fish that were better at controlling mosquitoes than it was.
It's one of the best-selling DS games.
Its orbital elements are as of January 2000.
It's other members were playing in different bands in the Liverpool music scene including street punkers Down and Outs and new wave popsters Victor FME.
It sounds similar, but is not related to the Italian word.
It specialises in critical analysis of Czech politics; some Czech commentators consider this as "left-wing views".
Its plants and animals are unique.
Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 13.04%.
Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 14.79%.
Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 7.39%.
Its population has more than doubled since the 2000 census count of 13,326.
Its population in 2007 was 12,920 inhabitants.
Its population ranks fifth of all the Colorado cities.
Its population was 13,708 as of the 2010 census.
Its powers were given to the three-branch government.
Its presence in the world of Afro House, became a growing success, as it had already happened in the world of Kuduro, and with that it could not be different its structure that had always been strong and aligned.
Its price depends on its quality (how good it is).
Its purpose is to support younger mathematicians who made major contributions.
"It's really a U.S. day, not a Mexico thing, and that's fine with us."
Its recent activity started again in 1991 after a quiet period of almost 200 years.
It's revoked in February 1980.
Its rotation and lack of a moon may be explained by gigantic impacts early in its life.
Its route cleared away the maze of small streets in Holborn such as Little Queen Street and the surrounding dwellings.
Its ruins are less visible than the better known Hadrian's Wall to the south.
Its salt mines are one of Afghanistan's major mineral resources.
"; its satellite is now known as "
Its second season called Sword Art Online II aired between July and December 2014.
Its shell is its most impressive feature.
Its signature glass façade doubles up as a giant media screen as well.
Its Sole commissioner is Lamar Paris, who has served since 2001.
Its song is a gushing burst of sweet music, loud and emphatic.
Its song may sometimes be confused for the dunnock, which has warble that is shorter and weaker.
Its speckled color patterns have given it the common name of magpie moth.
Its studios is located at the GMA Network Center, EDSA corner Timog Avenue, Diliman, Quezon City, while its transmitter is located at Barangay Panghulo, Obando, Bulacan.
Its successor, the iPad Air 2, was announced on October 16, 2014.
Its symbol is ( Unicode ♋ ).
It stands at 462 feet (141 m).
It stands for MErcury Surface, Space ENvironment, GEochemistry, and Ranging.
It stars Breno Mello, Marpessa Dawn, Fausto Guerzoni, Adhemar de Silva and won an Academy Award in 1960.
It stars five creatures called Hoobs (Hubba Hubba, Iver, Groove, Tula, and Roma) from the fictional Hoobland, and their interactions with Earth and the human race.
It stars Leroy Collins in his one and only movie role.
It stars Nikolai Burlyaev, Valentin Zubkov, Evgeny Zharikov, Nikolai Grinko and was distributed by Mosfilm.
It stars Nikolai Popov, Vasili Nikandrov, Boris Livanov, Eduard Tisse and was distributed by First National Pictures.
It stars O.E. Hasse, Johanna von Koczian, Martin Held and was distributed by UFA.
It stars Peng Phan, Mom Soth, Chhim Naline, Sophy Sodany.
It stars the character Mega Man, the mascot of the franchise.
It started as a particle physics laboratory, became involved for the study of nuclear matter and discovered 16 chemical elements.
It started as Maltby Grammar School in 1931.
It started being used by the public in 1954.
It started in 1866 as a music hall.
It started in 1957 on the BBC Home Service.
It started in 1973/74 as Middlesex Polytechnic.
It started in 2002, as the IRL Infiniti Pro Series.
It started on 1 November 2005.
It started on 5 November 2015 and lasted until 30 April 2016.
It started on December 1, 2002.
It started on January 30, 1982 with only 14 players and the manager.
It started to develop because of its strategic position near the River Roding and the road from London to Colchester.
It started with purely aquatic finned tetrapodomorphs.
It starts: "And the islands of Egypt shall rejoice".
It starts at Plaza Moraga to the west and ends at Plaza Santa Cruz and Quintin Paredes Street to the east.
It starts with the arm outside of the body and moves across the body.
Its taste has been described as being a 'bit funky.'
It's the most well-known because it was the only one released outside of Japan.
It's the only computer science school in UC system.
It still drinks milk from its mother until about 18 months of age.
It still remains in use in Taiwan (
It stopped being made in 1998.
It stops bleeding.
Its transmitter is on the BSA Twin Towers in Mandaluyong City.
Its true length was probably only 9 10.9 meters (30 36 feet).
It suggests that like much of southern England, Scotland once had considerable deposits of this material that have been subsequently eroded away.
Its unit is psi.
It supported his view that natural selection led to a variety of forms through the important benefits achieved by cross-
Its usage in the term lingua franca came from its meaning in Arabic.
It swelled up to the size of an orange at its greatest extent.
Its width changes between 40 and 50 km.
Its width is about 80% of the entire diameter of Vesta.
It's Yaksgiving in the Turner home; rack of Yak and grandparents included!
It takes four minutes for trains to travel between these two stations.
It takes up 50% of the volume of the cortex, compared to 29% for humans.
It talks about "the bank of fun", which is said to be where people's happiness is found, and not "your empty blues".
It tells the computer to do something.
It tests difficult business speaking.
It the main base of Russian Navy's Black Sea Fleet.
It then became a twice-weekly newspaper from 2001-15.
It then climbed to number 2 the following week, before reaching the top position.
It then exploded and landed on Angel Island, an island that floats in the air.
It then moved in 1968 in the modern campus of Lille University of Science and Technology, in the south-east suburb of Lille.
It then turns south with US-69.
It thinks that the concepts that are there are not bad, and that new structures and ideas should build on them.
It thus came to be identified as a symbol of the republican form of government.
It told about a little girl who was always good.
It too encompasses both regular and reserve units.
It took over from Harris Bus Lines in March 2006.
It took place at sunrise, on December 3, 1854.
It took several years before the British offered an acceptable contribution, which was about £20 million.
It took them a while to realize that Aborigines at Sydney spoke a different language to those from Cooktown.
It took until 1780 to get a job as lieutenant.
It turns out that for this simple problem, the answer is "yes" when we have 6 or more points, no matter how the lines are colored.
It turns out that he has killed Polonius, a royal advisor and Ophelia's father.
It undermines the family, and poses a substantial threat to the general health, safety and welfare of our citizens." citation The petition claims that AIDS and "other diseases" are spread particularly through homosexual conduct.
It underwent renovation and built a new extension in 2007.
It used an Antoinette engine.
It used a triangle wing (called a delta wing).
It used for wounds that are not serious.
It used to be called Dodge Truck Division.
It used to be called Leeds Polytechnic.
It used to be called "Madame Tussaud's", but the apostrophe is no longer used.
It used to be hard to find, but now it can easily be found.
It used to lie in the old area of West Derby in the south west of Lancashire.
It uses a freeform radio program format.
It uses an echolocation system.
It uses the hands and feet in order to attack or defend against an adversary, although some techniques use fingertips, elbows, or knees in order to strike the opponent.
It usually has a glass or translucent plastic roof.
It usually has a place to rest your arm on each side.
It usually has the right paw raised.
It usually hits the opponent's head.
It usually occurs when larger atomic nuclei have split up.
It usually ranges from 1 to 10, urlcheck with higher numbers indicating greater skill.
It usually starts the second day after birth.
It warms to about 25 degrees Celsius in August.
It was 17m high, 33.5m long, and 12m wide.
It was a best seller.
It was a best-seller.
It was able to fire from a belt and a drum magazine.
It was a book that Green wrote with Maureen Johnson and Lauren Myracle.
It was about a metre long, and ran on two legs, using its long tail to keep its balance.
It was about eight miles (convert) northeast of Cherryvale.
It was about Simon Roberts (Williams) who is an advertising executive and his daughter, Sydney Roberts (Gellar) also an executive working together.
It was a Category 2 storm having winds near 105 mph.
It was a continuation of the Jonny Quest (1964) series.
It was active from the early 1970s to 1984.
It was actually two engagements: the Battle of Freeman's Farm (September 19 citation ) and the Battle of Bemis Heights (October 7 citation ).
It was adapted by Fred Haines and Joseph Strick.
It was adapted for a movie by David L. Paterson and Jeff Stockwell.
It was adapted for the theatre's use.
It was additionally written by Caroline Ailin and Emily Warren.
It was adopted 15 February 1794.
It was adopted by the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria on 2 March 2005.
It was adopted on 11 April 1997.
It was a famous performance in music history, because people suddenly realized how great Bach was.
It was a fitting song for them at that time because of its themes of dealing with the loss of a friend or loved one.
It was a German expedition, done in 1898 and 1899.
It was a great success, and improved his popularity in England.
It was a hard life at the school.
It was already planned for the 2020 contest and later confirmed that it will be used again.
It was already taken so he shortened the name to 'eBay'.
It was also later released on the North American album Yesterday and Today.
It was also made into the story 'The Reluctant Dragon' by Ken Ransom, which was made into a Disney film.
It was also put into drinks.
It was also the building very often hit by lightning.
It was also the first feature length Disney movie to be distributed by Buena Vista Distribution.
It was also the former capital of the county.
It was always too remote from the centre of government in Delhi.
It was a major breakthrough in showing the progress of baseball games.
It was a major victory for the British.
It was a minor upgrade to iPhone OS 2.0 except it could do a few new things. iPhone OS 3.0 was available for the first iPhone and iPod Touch, but not all features were supported on those devices.
It was an early state capital of New York before the capital moved permanently to Albany.
It was an important event because it captured everyone's imagination."
It was announced on June 3, 2006, at Central Station in East Hollywood.
It was an unimportant little town then, but the Greeks made it their capital.
It was approved as a national grade tourist city by the State Council.
It was approximately 150 metres (490 feet) wide.
It was a presentation by Waheed & Malik combination.
It was a royal city for the Zimbabwean monarch.
It was a season-long loan.
It was a sensation when performed at the Paris Exposition the same year.
It was a show made from 31 March 1997 to 16 February 2001.
It was a simple but well-made LMG.
It was a slowed-down version of Frank's original recording.
It was a story used in the first of the English religious dramas written during the Middle Ages.
It was a style that Latin American artists took from the European model.
It was a tight competition, with Lassiter leading at one point 1,800 to 1,512.
It was a title he used on the menu for the Dinner of the Three Emperors.
It was a training ship for the cadets of the Japanese merchant marine.
It was at this point in history the area of Kiev grew and expanded.
It was available for short time.
It was awarded 'Best Music Website' at the Record Of The Day awards in October 2005.
It was awarded from 1968 to 1982.
It was awarded to her by the Tzar, whose mistress she was.
It was based his own play.
It was based on the 1952 novel of the same name by Paul Wellman.
It was based on the 1955 book Do Re Mi by Garson Kanin.
It was based on the 2004 book of the same name by Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo.
It was based on the American Declaration of Independence.
It was based on the Cluedo board game.
It was based on the play Gas Light.
It was bought by an American.
It was bought by Choron for his restaurant at the price of 15 francs per pound.
It was brought back to Argentina and buried with her husband after he died in 1974.
It was built at a time when most colleges where for men only.
It was built between 1922 and 1931 and stands convert tall.
It was built by Cardinal Albornoz in 1367 and was added to by Popes Pius II and Paul III.
It was built by Ghiyas-ud-din Tughlaq in 1321.
It was built during the periodof Akbar Shah II.
It was built in 1634.
It was built in 1783.
It was built in 1998 in CSR Sifang Locomotive and Rolling Stock Co., Ltd. Its top speed is 160km/h.
It was built in 2009.
It was called a "landmark in the small but growing push toward 'open teaching'" citation It is often called the first Massive open online course (MOOC).
It was called An Adventure of Kit Carson: A Tale of the Sacramento.
It was called Farnham at first.
It was called "I Got Rhythm".
It was called Norder Porte.
It was called Tanisha Gets Married.
It was called the Manchester of India.
It was called "the Medical Society" when it was established in 1737.
It was called the Stechschritt (meaning, "piercing step") or Stechmarsch.
It was called the Sydney "Air Defence Headquarters" and replaced another secret air force base that was in a secret tunnel.
It was called the UAW-Daimler Chrysler 400. In 2008, the race was renamed to UAW-Dodge 400.
It was canceled on May 15, 1995.
It was Catherine I who started to develop the place as a place for royal people.
It was caused by the buildup of tension between countries.
It was causing leg pain.
It was chosen the Latin alphabet for the Somali language.
It was closely related to the vihuela, the guitar-shaped instrument played in Spain in place of the lute.
It was commissioned (ordered to be built) in 1572 by Grand Master Jean de la Cassière.
It was common for merchants to carry a Priapus figure or a phallus on their ships as protection.
It was completed in 1781.
It was completed on June 1, 1850.
It was composed of three games (Broadside Blast, Treasure Racer, and Etherium Rescue), and players with all three games could unlock a fourth game (Ship Shape).
It was co-produced and directed by Vikas Bahl.
It was created by Hazel Adair and Peter Ling and produced by ATV.
It was created by John D. Beck and Ron Hart.
It was created by John McCallum.
It was created by Ken Tyrrell.
It was created by music critics and fans rather that the artists themselves.
It was created in 1877.
It was created in 1928.
It was created in 1970 from the merger of Marly-le-Grand and Marly-le-Petit and the 1976 Chésalles became a part of Marly.
It was created in 2012 from Ennedi Region.
It was created in February 23, 1887.
It was created on 14 January 2015.
It was created on 1 October 1996.
It was created to replace the "legacy analog technology"
It was created under the Aboriginal Lands Trust Act, 1966.
It was decided that he would not drive the race car anymore that weekend.
It was decided that the teams were to play five times against each other in a group.
It was defeated by Percy again.
It was derived from the name Alice.
It was described by Fernandez, F. in 2003.
It was described by Sotheby's as "one of the last known masterworks from the dawn of civilization remaining in private hands".
It was designed by Giovanni Battista Alliprandi.
It was designed by Gyo Obata of Hellmuth, Obata + Kassabaum (HOK).
It was designed by W. T. Whiteway, who was also the designer for the original Woodward's building nearby.
It was designed in 1989, and released in the second half of the year.
It was destroyed by fire on January 23, 1952.
It was destroyed in 1931 because they wanted to build another building in its previous place.
It was developed by Bruno René Huchez and Bahram Rohani.
It was developed by Sledgehammer Games.
It was difficult to make equations built for continuous spectra (what you see when you put the sun's light through a prism) fit spectra that just have a few peak frequencies between which there is nothing.
It was directed by Anatole Litvak.
It was directed by David Beránek and stars Barbora Seidlová and Martin Trnavský.
It was directed by Gwyneth Horder-Payton.
It was directed by Harry Keller.
It was directed by Lynne Ramsay.
It was directed by Michael Curtiz.
It was directed by Nicholas Webster and stars John Call as Santa Claus.
It was directed by Robert Wiene.
It was directed by Seth Gordon.
It was directed by Stuart Margolin.
It was directed by William F. Claxton.
It was directed by William Wyler.
It was discontinued in 1969 due to the US government ban of cyclamate sweetener.
It was discovered in 1863.
It was discovered in 1917.
It was distributed by Columbia TriStar and Fries Film Group.
It was distributed by Gala Distribution.
It was distributed by London Independent Producers.
It was distributed by Miramax and won an Academy Award in 1997.
It was distributed by Republic Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1946.
It was divided into three sections.
It was during Easter that everybody was trying to get rid of the eggs before the fast.
It was earlier known as Blackpool Pleasure Beach.
It was easier to see a black cancelling on a Penny Red.
It was ended by the Pope's death.
It was established by the Central Military Committee in 1952.
It was established in 1827.
It was established in 1926.
It was established in 2004 after a subdivision of Zarghun Shar.
It was established in the 19th century.
It was established on 11 June 1920 as IF Renen.
It was even used to make wreaths that were given to winners in the 1998 Winter Paralympics.
It was evident that they were able to remember the correct path of the maze after more than a month.
It was expected to hold out for a long period of time.
It was expensive, and reports took a long time.
It was extremely rare for a woman to rule in her own right in Wessex and she was the only woman to appear in a Wessex regnal list.
It was facelifted for the 2013 model year and ended production in 2019.
It was facelifted in 2016, commemorating the A3's 20th anniversary.
It was filmed in Spain, India, Egypt, and the United Kingdom on a budget of ₹ 550 million (equivalent to ₹ or in 2017).
It was filmed in the years between Whately's role as Inspector Lewis in the two TV series, Inspector Morse and Lewis.
It was first awarded in 1890.
It was first awarded in 1924.
It was first awarded in 1976.
It was first broadcast on August 14, 2010.
It was first built in 1935.
It was first called Auctionweb.
It was first called the World Institute for Advanced Phenomenological Research and Learning.
It was first designed in the late 1960s.
It was first feared that Nalgae would cause much more damage to Luzon.
It was first found in Bourbon County.
It was first going to be called Constitution, but Star Trek fans wrote letters to NASA asking for it to be called Enterprise instead.
It was first held in 1968.
It was first known as zygaena lewini, but is now known as Sphyrna lewini.
It was first mentioned in 1258 as Sancti Stephani de Furanum.
It was first mentioned in the year 862 as an already important town.
It was first performed in 1946 in two Moscow theatres.
It was first played in 2002 as the AFC U-19 Women's Championship with an upper age limit of 19. Starting from the 2022 edition, the age limit was raised to 20.
It was first prepared by Glauber.
It was first presented on the Geneva Motorshow in the year 2000, then on the "Autosalon Paris" 2006.
It was first printed in 1824.
It was first printed in 1849.
It was first published in 1960 and made into a movie in 1962.
It was first published in December 1845.
It was first published in parts (serialization) in a magazine in 1899-1900.
It was first published on 7 November 1665.
It was first recorded and made popular by DeShannon.
It was first released in 2005.
It was first released in Japan and several other Asian nations on March 13, 2009, and later released in the United States on April 10, 2009.
It was first released on 9 May 2000.
It was first released on her 1974 album Court and Spark.
It was first shown on April 29, 1990.
It was first studio album without label Capricorn Records.
It was first used in the 1940s.
It was formed during the last of the three supereruptions that occurred over the last 2.1 million years.
It was formed from the Manitoba Co-operative Commonwealth Federation.
It was formed in 1994.
It was formed on 1 January 2009, citation (subscription required) through a merger of several government agencies, including the Civil Aviation Administration.
It was formed on December 18, 1832.
It was formed on December 29, 1824.
It was formed on December 4, 1925.
It was formerly known as Long Beach Municipal Airport.
It was fought between June 25, 1941 and September 19, 1944.
It was fought several months and lead to the surrender of Granada on January 2, 1492.
It was found by R. T. Gunther of the University of Oxford in 1912.
It was founded by a Sikh General in 1822.
It was founded by Gerard and Frederik Philips in 1891.
It was founded by K. P. Kandasamy in 1977.
It was founded in 1341 by one of her chaplains, Robert de Eglesfield, in her honour.
It was founded in 1641.
It was founded in 1858.
It was founded in 1960.
It was founded in 2006, and has become one of the most accessed porn sites in the world.
It was founded in 789.
It was founded in November 8, 1979 and its first secretary is Eduardo Artés.
It was founded in the year 1558.
It was founded on 1 January 2019.
It was founded on 1 January 2019 by merger of the former communes of Sainte-Innocence (the seat), Sainte-Eulalie-d'Eymet and Saint-Julien-d'Eymet.
It was founded on April 10, 1862.
It was founded on April 6, 1869.
It was founded on June 3, 1887 as Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima.
It was found there in 1933. citation The canon was renamed Zhaocheng Jin Tripitaka because the Guangsheng Temple is located in Zhaocheng.
It was four hours until her maids were allowed to prepare her body for burial.
It was Garland's last movie.
It was given its current name in 1961.
It was given to the shops by the old record company before "Little Queen" was made.
It was given with a limited edition PSP Slim & Lite.
It was held between 1980-1997 citation The event was often held in January.
It was held in London and is known as the Round Table Conference.
It was here that many Navajos had taken refuge.
It was here that young men (ephebes) would receive instruction on Greek culture.
It was home for Trans Australia Airlines (later named Australian Airlines).
It was hosted by Newsreader Don Secombe.
It was hosted by Vivian Brown and Nick Walker.
It was, however, quickly replaced with stone.
It was immediately a great success.
It was inaugurated on 14 June 1911. citation citation It replaced an older church which had been destroyed by a fire in 1909.
It was incorporated as a town on 12 February 1906.
It was incorporated in 1866.
It was incorporated in 1963.
It was independent from 841 to 1820.
It was independently discovered by Lewis Swift and Horace Parnell Tuttle in July 1862.
It was in London's Holland Park.
It was, in most countries, a wholly female occupation.
It was intended only for the highest officers in the Japanese Navy and government.
It was introduced in 1999.
It was invented in 1833 by Irish mathematician William Rowan Hamilton.
It was just a matter of timing."
It was kept by the one of the examining doctors, Philippe-Jean Pelletan.
It was kept in captivity.
It was known as "Oil of Vitriol" in ancient times.
It was known as the Parliamentary and News Network.
It was known as the Toho Theatre from the late 1960s until the 1970s.
· It was known for its daring styling and was sold in the UK from 2002 to 2005 but was dropped there due to poor sales.
It was later finished by Franco Alfano.
It was later investigated on the basis of 1) position of the portrait (specular to Raphael's one) ; 2) appearance compared with contemporary Raphael’s drawings; 3) strictly contemporary texts by Raphael to the woman; 4) fresco's general meaning.
It was later released in 2014.
It was later released on 3D Blu-ray on November 16, 2010.
It was later replaced by the larger Drumthwacket, a colonial mansion in the township.
It was launched on June 1, 1991.
It was loaded with 15,000 tons of explosive munitions.
It was located northeast of Jaffa. citation Now, the land the former colony is in the center of Tel Aviv.
It was lost in a fire, in 1945.
It was lower by 22.4 percent from 563 at the 2000 census.
It was made again in 1991.
It was made a municipal district on July 20, 2001.
It was made a part of Morocco's modern university system in 1963.
It was made a town in 1897.
It was made by Chris Taylor and his game company, Gas Powered Games.
It was made by Dan Libby and Ramanathan V. Guha at Netscape and made public in March 1999. citation This became RSS 0.9. citation In July 1999, RSS 0.91 was created by Dan Libby, citation which got rid of some features that weren't useful.
It was made by forging together iron bars, held in place by iron rings.
It was made by Hartswood Films and Stagescreen Productions.
It was made from 1966–1968.
It was made in 2002 by sculptor Ben Zion Tzefoni.
It was made in 2020.
It was made into a movie that was released on 12 December 1963 in Mexico.
It was made of wood a long time ago.
It was made to celebrate Lamborghini’s 30th anniversary.
It was mainly used for acting out their religious beliefs so that their children knew that they were to worship the main Hindu beliefs that were: Brahman, Multiples Gods, Dharma, Samsara, and Karma.
It was mapped on September 28, 1867, and incorporated on February 27, 1878, but since then has gone back to being an unincorporated community in Cordova Township.
It was men like Dattatreya who helped to make this possible.
It was Moses who most often had dealings with the angel.
It was most active during the German Revolution of 1918.
It was most common for the Ottomans to use the Turkoman people to control the population, but they also used Kurds.
It was most dry in September, but mud was still in parts of the battlefield.
It was mostly based on the creed being translated incorrectly from Greek into Latin.
It was much less severe there.
It was named after Amos Hodgman, member of the 7th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.
It was named after Lemuel Tukey.
It was named after the Kiowa tribe.
It was named after the war god (
It was named by Jeff Kennett, for former Premier of Victoria, Sir Henry Bolte because it linked the West Gate, Monash and Tullamarine Freeways - projects planned or completed by the Bolte Government.
It was named for him in honor of his life’s work.
It was named for the Odawa tribe.
It was named for the suburb of East Sydney.
It was named "Goygol" after Lake Goygol on April 25, 2008.
It was named in honor of pilot and Boston surgeon Lt. Frank "Jesse" Otis.
It was named the Star Music Hall.
It was named the United States Industrial Training School.
It was named The Weird Al Show.
It was near the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad so hurt soldiers could be brought to the hospital fast.
It was nicknamed the "Great Escape" after it was exported to Germany for a while for testing.
It was no longer a tropical storm.
It was nominated for 10 Oscars and won 4 Academy Awards in 1958.
It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1943.
It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1958.
It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1937 and was spun off into a TV series in 1969 and remade in 2002.
It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1931 and was remade in 1973.
It was nominated for Best Urban/Alternative Performance at the same Grammy Awards show.
It was nominated for four Academy Awards in 1946.
It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
It was nominated for three Oscars in 1979.
It was not a harmonious group as most of them did not like each other.
It was not easy because the winter was very cold.
It was not finished until the 1800s.
It was not identified as a storm at the time, therefore, the storm did not have a name.
It was not included in the original production.
It was not released in any Asian countries and Australia.
It was not so high-ranking by the popularity vote in the company to select the mascot.
It was not until 1853 that an expedition led by Rae (using with "two beautiful Halkett boats") found a group of Inuit who told them that they saw men dragging a boat four years earlier.
It wasn't until 1972 that it played in New York at the New York Shakespeare Festival.
It was number one in the United States for one week.
It was number one on the Billboard R&B charts in 1953 for seven weeks.
It was officially closed on November 11, 1865.
It was once a busy fishing port, but the trade declined during the 20th century.
It was once called Helton-Flecket.
It was one of his late works, painted in 1883.
It was one of the few All in the Family spin-offs that did not do well.
It was one of the first big-
It was one of the first World Heritage Sites listed.
It was one of the most popular movies of the day.
It was one of the two 1980s Norwegian films which ".
It was one of the worst hurricanes in the history of the United States.
It was only offered to trusted customers.
It was on the day that Claudius Gothicus died.
It was on top of their ratings for over three years.
It was opened in 1754.
It was opened in 1993.
It was opened in 1999.
It was opened on 29th June 2003 and nearly 20-25 million passengers can use it every year.
It was opened on 6 November 1999.
It was opened on May 22, 2009 costing $1.3 billion.
It was originally founded in 604 AD, and rebuilt by the Normans.
It was originally known as Devil's Highway or Route 666.
It was owned and named after a dairy farmer named George Spahn.
It was Pacific Southwest Airlines' first fatal accident.
It was painted about 1505 1506.
It was painted in 1947.
It was partly underground to protect them from the elements.
It was performed six times that season, and there were no more interruptions during the other performances.
It was picked up for a full 22-episode season order on October 19, 2007.
It was planned that some of these ships would be built at Cockatoo Island Dockyard, but only the Williamstown Naval Dockyard built the ships before the project ended.
It was planned that the two major clubs should play in this new stadium, but Austria Wien was not amused that her rival has got a stadium in its own district, so they went back to their former homeground, the Franz Horr stadium.
It was popular as an arcade game.
It was presented in the honor of Colin Kelly, one of the first Americans to be named an American hero of the Second World War.
It was primarily designed to operate a line printer that used IBM's 8-bit extended ASCII character set to print text, but could also be used to adapt other peripherals.
It was produced by Ahmad Hussain and Ahmir Hussain and illustrated by Rizwan Hussain of Digital Dawa.
It was produced by Chayabani Balaji.
It was produced by Chris Vrenna.
It was produced by Crest Animations Productions.
It was produced by Disney-ABC Domestic Television.
It was produced by Dupri and Cox.
It was produced by Fundamental Films.
It was produced by Love and Jim Jonsin.
It was produced by Producciones Carlos Amador.
It was published by Allen & Unwin, Australia.
It was published from 1950 to 1980.
It was published in 1086 and divided the English counties into 13,418 manors under the governance of Lord of Manor.
It was published in 1936 and it was Orwell's third book.
It was published in 1957.
It was published in 1960.
It was published in 1989.
It was published in 1994.
It was published in 2002. citation It is not usual for a pet to die in stories for young children just learning to read.
It was published in parts (serialization) in 1880-1881.
It was published in September 1865.
It was published in the Winfield Daily Courier.
It was put together out of bones from several different Dodos.
It was quickly accepted because it was better than ropes made of hemp or to metal chains, such as had been used before.
It was quite a surprise for me to find it.
It was ranked 601-800 in the world by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings of 2020.
It was rated the 166th-most-visited city in the world in 2008.
It was rather an area where several important Tanoli chiefs had authority over an area of influence.
It was ratified on February 3, 1870, as the third and last of the Reconstruction Amendments.
It was ratified on June 6, 1865.
It was recorded by the Radio Revellers.
It was registered as a breed with the European Fédération Internationale Féline in the 1970s.
It was released in 1962.
It was released in Japan on January 9, 2010, in North America on September 7, 2010, citation citation and in Europe on September 10, 2010.
It was released in March 1993.
It was released in May 2009.
It was released in North America in October 2005, and in Europe the following year in February 2006.
It was released in November 1975.
It was released in October 2001.
It was released in other places later that year.
It was released in theaters in 2006.
It was released in the US on May 12, 2006.
It was released in the US on October 4, 2011.
It was released on 25th October 2019. citation Bigil collected more than Rs.300 crore in its theatrical run.
It was released on 26 July 2012.
It was released on 31 May 2019.
It was released on April 1, 2008.
It was released on April 19, 2012.
It was released on August 10, 1979.
It was released on August 9, 2010.
It was released on December 10, 1999 in the United States.
It was released on December 8, 2005 and went straight to no.
It was released on February 22, 2017, as the lead single from The Chainsmokers' album, Memories…Do Not Open (2017).
It was released on July 12, 2013.
It was released on June 14, 2019.
It was released on June 25, 1971.
It was released only as a downloadable album.
It was released only online in June 2006.
It was released on May 23, 2003 to mixed reviews.
It was released on November 12, 1996.
It was released on November 15, 1994 by LaFace Records.
It was released on November 6, 2015 in the United States.
It was released on October 17, 2008.
It was released on October 22, 2013.
It was released on October 23, 2007 in the United States.
It was released on October 25, 1994.
It was released on Steam Early Access on December 16, 2014.
It was released to critical acclaim.
It was released to honor Reagan's 100 birthday.
It was released worldwide in December 2016.
It was remade in Kannada as Brahma Gantu (1985),and in Hindi as Naseeb Apna Apna (1986).
It was remade in Telugu as Mukku Pudaka with Bhanu Chander, Suhasini and Vijayashanti, while Suhasini reprising her role from the original.
It was removed again, and the Indian GP was set to run on the original date of 30 October.
It was renamed from the Subcommittee on Science, Technology, and Innovation at the start of the 111th Congress, with its science function transferred to the Subcommittee on Science and Space.
It was renovated and was now called Sportzentrum Mitte.
It was replaced with a permanent structure of similar design to the existing one at the southern end.
It was reported that his hand was crushed.
It was re-released in 1998 on the Captain Oi! label.
It was restored by the Radziwills.
It was re-written in 1931.
It was said that Shelties were sheep dogs so they try to please their master and have a strong sense of responsibility.
It was scheduled as the 18th race of a 20 race schedule.
It was scheduled for 4:00 am that same day.
It was signed at the Vietnam-hosted virtual ASEAN Summit on 15 November 2020, citation citation and is expected to take effect within two years.
It was signed in Belfast on 10 April 1998 (Good Friday) by the British and Irish governments and it was supported by most of the political parties in Northern Ireland.
It was significant.
It was split from the Ilyich raion (present-day Sharur) in 1990.
It was spoken by the Sindar (or Grey Elves) in Middle-earth.
It was started again in 1833.
It was started in 1996.
It was started in January 2001 after the closing of the Cheiron Studios.
It was started in November 1995 by Jeff "CJayC" Veasey.
It was started in the 1600s.
It was started in the 1960s in California by David Brandt Berg (1919–1994).
It was started on 26 May 2008.
It was suitable for paddling or for holding on to aquatic plants.
It was taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, which closed in 1980 and became the Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad.
It was taken to the village on 22 February 1957 for burial.
It was televised in various versions from 1952 to 1989.
It was the 9th highest foreign opening ever.
It was theatrically released in the United Kingdom and United States on February 11, 2011.
It was the band's first Grammy Award. citation "Give It Away" did well on the music charts.
It was the band's third and last live album.
It was the beginning of the 20th century and it was forbidden then to attend sports activities on a club basis.
It was the capital of Costa Rica at the time.
It was the capital of South West Africa (Namibia) under South African control until the independence of Namibia in 1990.
It was the cult GS that came to the forefront in the 1990s, about 20 years after the GS was over.
It was the eighth annual Backlash PPV.
It was the eighth best-song of that year for the Hot 100. citation It was the third best-song of that year on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
It was the first airliner to have a pressurized cabin.
It was the first album since 1988's Bug to have all of the band's original members.
It was the first and last album to feature Chris Wilson on the drums.
It was the first children's literary award in the world.
It was the first film to part of an international broadcast work.
It was the first generation of iPod Touch to support it.
It was the first graduate college founded at Oxford to admit both male and female students.
It was the first hip hop album to win the award.
It was the first long fiction story written by Jimmy Liao, talking about the feelings between a man and a woman.
It was the first Olympic pairs gold for the Soviet Union.
It was the first permanent settlement in the continental United States to have African slaves.
It was the first production combat airplane to be designed with relaxed stability and fly-by-wire controls to make it highly agile in the air.
It was the first release off Garrix's record label STMPD RCRDS.
It was the first underground station on the MRT network with side platforms due to space constraints.
It was the fourth Money in the Bank event held by the WWE.
It was the group's first studio album of new material 11 years.
It was the home of the House of Eggenberg.
It was their 7th album.
It was the last opera that Britten wrote.
It was the most common plane in the 1960s and it was still used a lot during the 1970s.
It was the most destructive volcanic eruption in modern history.
It was the most violent eruption in the world in the last 5,000 years.
It was the MRT's first major incident and resulted in 156 passengers being injured.
It was the new center of Germany's industrialization and the home of the weapons industry.
It was then known as World TV 21 by Kampana Television Corporation, which provided programming content from ABC, CNN and ESPN on this channel then.
It was the number one rental video in the US in 1989.
It was the only asteroid he found.
It was the only single released from the EP.
It was these battles, combined with the constant death of veterans during the Solomons campaign, which weakened Japan.
It was the second single from his fourth studio album Suit.
It was the second single from his sixth studio album 5.0.
It was the third album by a female rap artist to reach number one in the United States.
It was the top law school in the state of Kansas.
It was the world's largest telescope at the time.
It was thought that the dramas shown would stimulate discussion in the classroom about contemporary issues relevant to teenagers.
It was threatened with closure in World War II because Churchill thought a cartoon made fun of the navy.
It was through changing her language.
It was titled “Le Psychologie du Sport” (translated The Psychology of Sport).
It was to be an alternative to the Grammy Awards in the video category.
It was to be due in 2015.
It was too late to reason; Vitellius' generals had half of his army heading to Italy.
It was to qualify for World Championships, and Peru won against Chile by scoring 1-0.
It was under this name that it was marked with reasonable accuracy on the charts of the South Atlantic during the following 230 or so years.
It was unofficially known as the club's first women's team.
It was unusual for a musician to have such a high honour.
It was upgraded to Tropical Storm Isaias on July 30.
It was used as a test for mercury(II) ions.
It was used by Australian soldiers who favoured it in jungle combat.
It was used by some in law enforcement but it was never popular.
It was used by the French government for about 12 years from late 1793 to 1805.
It was used for good instead of vandalism.
It was used for movie theaters, screening rooms, home theaters, computer speakers, gaming consoles, and car audio systems.
It was used for writing, or for other purposes.
It was used in the gothic era.
It was used to consecrate things, or people, that is to make them sacred, in some way.
It was very successful because of the songs "Bang Your Head" and "Cum On Feel The Noize".
It was what Ran and Sue proposed.
It was with Bateson that Reginald Punnett helped establish the new science of genetics at Cambridge.
It was written all by herself.
It was written by a priest.
It was written by Ernest Thompson.
It was written by Fergie, Mike Hartnett, Sean Garrett, and producer Polow da Don.
It was written by Gail Carson Levine.
It was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by Wesley Archer.
It was written by Kana Akatsuki.
It was written right to left.
It weighed just convert with its bipod.
It went from at least 80% of its living range, and its numbers had dropped more than 90% since 1994.
It went off air completing only 25 episodes due to low TRP ratings.
It went up 4 percent.
It were introduced in 1995, and replaced by the Suzuki Liana in 2001.
It will also be the first year since 2019 to have all four digits being different numbers.
It will also be the tallest structure in the world designed by a woman.
It will also premiere on Disney Channel in November as part of "New in November."
It will be a double-span bridge (four lanes per span in opposite directions) with designated bus lanes.
It will keep for months refrigerated but eventually will darken, indicating it is losing flavour and should be replaced.
It will remain a MAC member in wrestling.
It will take a dead snake whenever it finds one.
It will then take Achilles some further time to run that distance, by which time the tortoise will have advanced farther.
It will think that the parents are good, because they were caring.
It won 1.48% of vote and no seats in the parliament.
It won the award for Best Sound.
It won the Grammy Award for Best Urban Contemporary Album in 2017, while the music video for "Formation" won the award for Best Music Video.
It won the Randy Shilts Award for Gay Non-Fiction in 1998.
It worked only in breech-loading weapons and together they quickly replaced the muzzleloader in common use.
It would also measure how much vibration there would be with a Saturn V with an almost full load.
It would demoralize the North and possibly get them to negotiate.
It would eventually become one of the most popular pony cars.
It would fly doctors to remote communities.
It would read as Cogidubni regis legati Augusti in Britannia ("king and imperial legate in Britain").
It would then be ported to the Sega Genesis in 1993.
Ivan Milat (born 1944 died 2019) was an Australian man from New South Wales who lived near Belangalo State Forest.
Ivan weakened fast after landfall.
I've not learned as much from anybody as I have from Mr Lee Kuan Yew.
Iwakuni grew up around Iwakuni Castle.
"I want to write about people I love, and put them into a fictional world spun out of my own mind, not the world we actually have, because the world we actually have does not meet my standards," Dick wrote of these stories.
Iwashimizu got married in October 2019 and she bore a child in March 2020.
I will leave it to the viewer to interpret the colors and symbols."
I will make your house like that of Jeroboam son of Nebat and that of Baasha son of Ahijah, becauase you have provoked me to anger and have caused Israel to sin.'
İzmir was a candidate for Expo 2015.
Jabba had placed a bounty on Han Solo's head after Han failed to deliver a shipment.
Jack Haley (August 10, 1898 – June 6, 1979) was an American singer, actor, and dancer.
Jackie Kelly won the seat during the 1996 election.
Jack reunites with Ann and Denham head backs down below to the street and pushes through a crowd to look at Kong's corpse.
Jackson lost a very close controversial 12 round split decision.
Jackson MM: "East Germany (Book Review)."
Jackson, p. 204. Next, the Allies would capture bridge across the Po and go north.
Jackson refused Lincoln's call for volunteers from Missouri.
Jackson released her ninth album From Nashville to You in 1994.
Jackson then took possession of Harper’s Ferry before joining the rest of Lee’s army at Sharpsburg, He left General A.P. Hill’s division at the garrison to guard the prisoners.
Jackson was awarded Best R&B Song and Best R&B Male Vocal Performance for the song.
"Jack Van Impe, End Times Preacher on TV, Is Dead at 88," The New York Times, Wednesday, January 22, 2020.
Jack was then sent to the surface when the war started to put him beyond Ryan's reach.
Jacobi also used this definition to say Kant and his followers were nihilists.
Jacob William Rees-Mogg (born 24 May 1969) is a British politician.
Jacqueline du Pré was given many honours.
Jadaliyya (Arab Studies Institute).
Jafar Khan az farang Bargashteh directed by Ali Hatami.
Jafar use his first wish to become the Sultan.
Jak has been tortured for two years by Baron Praxis and is able to speak.
Jakks Pacific is an American toy company.
Jakob von Uexküll, Swedish writer, philanthropist and political activist.
"James Alexander 'Alex' Ferguson was born in Montclair, New Jersey, on February 16, 1897, the oldest of four known children born to Alexander Ferguson (born 1873), a finisher at a hat shop, and his wife, the former Hannah McNamara (born 1876)."
James Anseeuw is the oldest member of the team.
James Frampton, the landowner, was determined to stop industrial action; he reported the group to the Home Secretary Lord Melbourne.
James Hatfield, American author (b.
James Henry Northrop invented the automatic "weft replenishment" loom.
James MacNeill Whistler, the famous painter, lived there too.
James Rivière (pseudonym of Vincenzo Teora Rivière) (born 1949) is an Italian artist, designer, and sculptor.
Jamestown Lake is partially in the northwestern part of the county and partially in southwestern Republic county.
Jamie and arrange to make it look like a suicide.
Jamie realizes that Greer and Mars are too scared of losing Nola to force her to choose one of them.
Jammu is the only region in the state (Jammu & Kashmir) that has a Hindu majority population.
Jane liked Catherine a great deal and found love with her, which she had not got from her parents.
Jane's mother decided to give up her claim to be queen for Jane.
Jane took Marion to Lewistown, Pennsylvania, where her mother and sister lived.
Ján Kollár was a representative of the Panslavism ideology.
Janson H.W. 1957 The sculpture of Donatello.
Japan also lost control of the southern Solomons and the ability to stop Allied shipping to Australia.
Japan and the United Kingdom did not like Russia’s growing influence in China.
Japanese Army announced that Nanjing was in "order" again.
Japanese Cherry blossom or sakura (
Japanese Foreign Policy.
Japanese hokku and haiku are traditionally printed in one vertical line.
Japanese music company called “Sony Music” and, Korean entertainment agency called “JYP” began a project called “Nizi Project”.
Japanese people have been wearing garments that looked like the kimono for hundreds of years.
Japanese scholars published a series of books on Fuzhou dialect in the 1940s.
Japanese sentences are usually written using a mix of hiragana, katakana, and kanji.
Japan Meteorological Agency watches this mountain all days.
Japan's early parliaments, 1890-1905: structure, issues, and trends, p. 67.
Japan’s government said it had and a nuclear emergency when the cooling problems happened as the back-up diesel generators broke down.
Japan's international relations: politics, economics and security.
Japan state carriages are horse-drawn coaches.
Japan won Brazil and it was known as "Miracle of Miami" (マイアミの奇跡) in Japan.
Japan won the champions and Kawaguchi became a regular goalkeeper again after the Asian Cup.
Japan won the championship.
Japan won the Russo-Japanese War.
Jargon is a special way to use words that are shared only by a certain group of people.
Jason however, never played a game with the Lightning, playing for their affiliate coincidentally still the Springfield Falcons.
Jasper had admired Mitch, but was disgusted with his own two children.
Jaswant Singh (3 January 1938 27 September 2020) was an Indian politician.
Java has also been criticized.
JavaScript is only executed on pageload from net or disk cache, but not if it is loaded from DOM cache.
Javier Maximiliano Alfredo Hipólito Valle Riestra González Olaechea, (born January 5, 1932) is a Peruvian lawyer, jurist and politician.
Jawahar Nagar Lower Primary School and Nursery is the oldest school in the locality.
Jayasuriya was approved by the Constitutional Council on the 26 April 2019 and sworn in three days later on the 29 April. citation citation citation He was the 45th Attorney General of Sri Lanka.
Jays are often blue and white.
Jay-Z, Knowles' husband, raps in it.
J. D. Mackie, A History of Scotland, Second Edition, ed. Bruce Lenman; Geoffrey Parker (London; New York: Penguin Books Ltd., 1991), p. 75 Also, pits were dug as traps to break a cavalry charge.
Jean Andrews, A+ Guide to Managing and Maintaining Your PC, Comprehensive (Boston, MA: Course Technology/Cengage Learning, 2008), p. 741 Support for Windows 9x was terminated on July 11, 2006, when extended support for Windows 98 and Windows ME ended.
Jean became pregnant in Series 11, but had a miscarriage.
Jean Charest had joined the Conservative Party of Canada in 1984.
Jean Delannoy, French movie director and producer (b.
Jean de Venette realized the importance of education and taught many monks how to read and write.
Jeanette Marie Núñez (born June 6, 1972) is an American businesswoman and politician.
Jean Grey, whose power is psychic, manages to destroy one, but the other one hits the jet.
Jeanne Brousse (maiden name: Maurier; April 12, 1921 October 19, 2017) was a French resistance member.
Jeanne took advantage of lying to Rohan by asking a lot of money.
Jean-Pierre Filiu, "Local and global jihad: Al-Qa'ida in the Islamic Maghrib", The Middle East Journal, Vol.63, spring 2009.
Jedlička spent one night in jail and then was convicted and ordered to pay a penalty for illegal crossing of the Croatian border citation but appealed the verdict.
Jefferson County was founded in 1805.
Jehovah's Witnesses: portrait of a contemporary religious movement.
Jell-O is a brand of gelatin that has become a generic, or typical, name for a lot of gelatin.
Jemison has also been on a few television programs, including the PBS program African American Lives.
Jenna announced that the couple's first child, a daughter named Rosie Robert Joseph, was born on February 9, 2020.
Jenner starred in the television movies "The Golden Moment: An Olympic Love Story" (1980) and "Grambling's White Tiger" (1981).
Jenolan Caves are limestone caves in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia, 175 kilometres west of Sydney.
Jeremy Simmonds, The Encyclopedia of Dead Rock Stars: Heroin, Handguns, and Ham Sandwiches (Chicago, Il: Chicago Review Press, 2008), p. 354 At age 7, the twins took musical lessons from their uncle.
Jerome goes to Lois and says that he will hurt the guy who burned his house.
Jerome Library which is on the campus.
Jerome was a quiet boy and not a top student.
Jerry Joseph Casale (September 27, 1933 February 9, 2019) was an American baseball player.
Jersey City from a helicopter.
Jesse Helms (October 18, 1921 - July 4, 2008) was a Senator from North Carolina.
Jessie is killed by the walkers.
Jesus also in some way restores all of the created world as well ("all things, whether things on earth or things in heaven").
Jesus replied that the Bible also says not to "test the Lord your God".
Jesus started walking together with them.
Jesus, who was related to Adam only through Jesus' mother, had no sin, and died to remove the sins of those who believe in him.
Jewish boys are typically circumcised when they are 1 week old.
Jewish Learning Institute.
Jews also had a tradition of carrying palm branches during festive times.
Jews, not to kill them all.
Jeyakumar Henry’s work has received numerous awards including the British Nutrition Foundation prize for his contribution to Nutrition, Fellow of the International Academy of Food Science and Technology in 2012.
Jim Cox, Sold on Radio: Advertisers in the Golden Age of Broadcasting (Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Co., 2008), p. 107 His uncle started him at $7.50 per week.
Jim Cronin's passion for working with primates made him quite successful in his career and encouraged him to wish to eventually build a safe haven for primates that were treated badly.
Jim Cronin started working with primates by working as a zoo keeper in various zoos.
"Jim Crow" was a racist term for a black person.
Jim, Doppler, Amelia and Morph escape, but the map is left behind.
Jim McDonald, American football player and coach (d.
Jimmy owns the Italian restaurant across the street from Bob's.
Jimmy, the Boy Wonder is a 1996 children's musical movie distributed by Mayflower Pictures.
Jim Ridley from The Village Voice, gave the movie a negative review.
Jindal became governor at the age of 36, making him one of the youngest citizens ever elected to the Governor's office.
Ji stated that this was his last gift to Kang.
J K Rowling's novels feature a teenage boy named Harry Potter who grows up in a normal world with his aunt, uncle and cousin Dudley.
Joachim Schummer; Bernadette Bensaude-Vincent; Brigitte van Tiggelen (Singapore; Hackensack, NJ: World Scientific, 2007), p. 187 He is better known for his book Man Does Not Stand Alone, which was published in 1944.
Joachim Streich gives East Germany the lead against Argentina.
Joan mostly kept them apart.
Joan Staley (born Joan Lynette McConchie; May 20, 1940 – November 24, 2019) was an American actress and model.
Joaquín Bartrina (1850–1880) was born in Reus.
Joel and Victoria Osteen are the senior pastors.
Joel L. Lebowitz (born May 10, 1930) is a Ukrainian-born American mathematical physicist.
Joel McCrea was one of the few stars in Hollywood, starring in a television series.
Joe, now called "009", soon learns that Gilmore had organized this rebellion with the cyborgs and that Black Ghost made them as weapons to profit off of war.
Joe works as a police officer, and is 43 years old.
Johan Allan Edwall (25 August 1924 7 February 1997) was a Swedish actor, director, author, composer and singer.
Johann Albrecht travelled extensively as the president of the German colonial society.
Johanna Schmidt says that in a society where a third gender is supported, a term like "homosexual transsexual" does not line up.
Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom (also spelled Strydom) also known as J.G. Strydom or Hans Strydom (July 14 1893-August 24 1958) citation nicknamed the Lion of the North, citation was Prime Minister of South Africa from 30 November 1954 to 24 August 1958.
John Abbot Goodwin, The Pilgrim republic: an historical review of the colony of New Plymouth.
John August Roebling, German-American engineer and bridge builder (b.
John Bagnell Bury, The Cambridge Medieval History, Volume 2 (New York: Macmillan, 1913), p. 599 Ecgfrith and his second wife Eormenburg had no children.
John Bailey, The Complete Guide to Fishing: The Fish, the Tackle, and the Techniques (Guilford, CT: Lyons Press, 2003), p. 110 In less than a couple of hours most beginners can learn the basic cast.
John Baldwin Munro (né John Baldwin, 15 August 1936 – 4 June 2018), better known as J. B. Munro, was a New Zealand politician.
John Bruce Coghill (September 24, 1925 – February 13, 2019) was an American politician and businessman.
John Byner returned to voice both Charlie Ant and the Aardvark.
John C. Calhoun saw it differently.
John Chapman and a man called Elliot were shot dead by the soldiers in 1817.
John Dewey believed in the "theory of inquiry", which shows how animals survived in their environment.
John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American actor.
John Finnie Street is named after one of the family.
John gives the number 2 to the brown hat.
John Leeds Barroll, “we are all familiar with the modern 'press release'.
John Lee Thompson (1 August 1914 – 30 August 2002) was a British movie director active in London and Hollywood and is best remembered for his Oscar nomination for the 1961 movie The Guns of Navarone.
John Malam, The Battle of Hastings (Slough: Cherrytree, 2007), p. 15 At the same time Duke William was planning his invasion, so too was Harold Hardrada.
John Manjiro was actually born as Manjiro (without a family name).
John Martin - "Save The World (Alesso Remix)"
John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers with special guests Chris Barber, Eric Clapton and Mick Taylor.
John McLoughlin was head man at Fort Vancouver and helped the Americans with tools and seed.
John needed money for his army, but the loss of the French territories, especially Normandy, greatly reduced the state income.
John now needed to fight to get back 'his' land in France.
Johnny Eduardo was expected to face Yves Jabouin at the event.
Johnny Hodges, featuring a number of Jazz standards, including "Someone to Watch Over Me", "Misty" and "Fantastic, That's You".
John Oldman does not answer clearly at first, but gradually becomes drawn to telling his friends what is really on his mind.
John Payne Todd was a notorious drunkard and gambler, which caused his mother many financial problems, especially after Madison died.
John Pitcairn, British military officer (b.
John Ross (1790-1866) was the principal chief of the Cherokee Nation.
John says they are "anti-Christ", meaning against Christ.
Johnson attended an African Methodist Episcopal Church as a child.
Johnson is remembered by many as an important figure in the fight for gay liberation.
Johnson relied on Warburton's edits for his edition.
Johnson was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey on August 24, 1945.
John Thomas Kneebone main (1935 – 28 June 2020) was a New Zealand farming leader.
John Triseliotis In Search of Origins, The Experiences of Adopted People.
John Varick Tunney (June 26, 1934 – January 12, 2018) was an American politician.
John was scheduled to fly again the next morning, another six-hour trip to California, but he decided he didn't want to leave home so soon after returning from the West Coast.
Joining Bayern Munich in June 2011, Manuel Neuer has been the first choice goalkeeper for the club and has led the team to win several championships.
Jokes, innuendo, and other subtle evidence of a romantic relationship between Xena and Gabrielle is referred to as "lesbian subtext" or simply "subtext" by fans.
Jonah and the Pink Whale is a 1995 Bolivian Mexican comedy movie directed by Juan Carlos Valdivia and based on the 1987 novel by José Wolfango Montes Vannuci.
Jona river flows through the municipality.
Jonathan Leakey, b. 1940, is their eldest son.
Jonathan Wainwright, American general (d.
Jones finds out what Oxley is saying.
Jones puts her in a cage and starts to lower her down into a lava pit.
Jonestown Project: San Diego State University.
Jon T. Lang, A Concise History of Modern Architecture in India (New Delhi: Permanent Black: Distributed by Orient Longman Ltd., 2002), p. 109 The campus is full of greenery.
Jordan began writing songs when she was in third grade.
Jorge Sanjinez Lenz (January 24, 1917 – August 24, 2020) was a Peruvian military veteran.
José Adauto Bezerra (3 July 1926 – 3 April 2021) was a Brazilian politician.
José Cutileiro (20 November 1934 – 17 May 2020) was a Portuguese diplomat and writer.
José María Álvarez del Manzano y López del Hierro (born 17 October 1937) citation is a Spanish politician.
José Muñoz, the younger brother, was born in 1978.
Joseph Patrick "Joe" Kennedy, Jr. (1915-1944) was the eldest son of Joseph, Sr. and Rose.
José Vicente Anaya (22 January 1947 1 August 2020) was a Mexican writer, poet and cultural journalist.
Josip Elic (March 10, 1921 October 21, 2019) was an American actor.
Journal du Dimanche, France, 10 July 2005 He has also advertised an energy drink and a pharmacy company.
Journal of Astronomical Data 10 (6): 1–76.
Journal of autism and developmental disorders 43: 1606–1622.
Journal of International Relations and Development 16.3 (2013): 311-330.
Journal of Military History 65 (1): 21–52.
Journal of Near Eastern Studies 60, no.
Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior 45 no.
Journal of political economy, 82(6), 1063-1093.
Journal of Popular Culture 11: 865-76 This makes it a dominant part of the culture.
Journal of the American Medical Association.
", Journal of the History of Medicine and Allied Sciences 47 (1992): 29-48.
Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society, Vol. XII, 1880, p. 446.
Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society, Vol. XII, 1880, pp. 529-530, n. 31. Gampo then married Princess Bhrikuti, daughter of Naling Deva.
Journal of Vegetation Science, 16, 373–82.
Journal of Zoology, volume 240, issue 2, pages 277–284.
Jo Walton argued that Le Guin was important in both making the genre more open and accepting of new ideas, and in helping genre writers get mainstream success.
Joy Corning (September 7, 1932 — May 20, 2017) was an American politician and educator.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. had assets of US$2.49 trillion in 2016.
JPT Online (Society of Petroleum Engineers): 26–41.
J. Schultz uses the term "ecozone" to refer his classification system of biomes.
J. Shafer, A Guide to Historical Method, The Dorsey Press: Illinois (1974).
Juan Azarías Pacheco Knipping (25 March 1935 – 15 February 2021), known as Johnny Pacheco, was a Dominican musician, arranger, bandleader, and record producer.
Judas Priest used to be a different band to the one that is together now.
Judges make decisions by decisions based on the appropriate laws.
Judging by the Special Maritime Court, he spent two years in the cells of the St. Joseph's Island Seclusion.
Judith A. Green, The Aristocracy of Norman England (Cambridge: The Cambridge University Press, 1997), pp. 353-54 Noble families of the eleventh and twelfth centuries sought to trace their family's descent specifically into the Carolingian line.
Judy Bloom writes emotional stories about young girls for young readers.
Judy Harriet on the Surf Records label.
Juliane Schumacher: "climate activist and political scientist Tadzio Müller: the importer of the climate camp ".
Julián Padrón was born on September 8, 1910.
Julie and George notice Ray's boat is called Billy Blue and run away.
Julie Andrews did not have any movie experience.
Julie Frances Cobb (born May 29, 1947) is an American actress.
Julie Long in Reading Time, Children's Book Council of Australia 45 (2: May 2001).
Julienne Bušić was released from prison on lifelong parole in 1989.
Julio Cortázar wrote a tender novel called Hopscotch (1963).
Julius Caesar, Commentarii de Bello Gallico, Book 7, 42, 90. There is an English translation in Wikisource.
July 15, 1916: Remnants of a tropical storm drop convert of rain in a 24-hour period near Highlands, North Carolina.
July 8 2010, My Bangalore.
Jumbo took alarm again when the barge passed Dundee Docks.
June 5 is now a holiday in Denmark, called "Constitution Day".
June-seok becomes a boss of a gang group after his father died, who was a boss of the group.
Jupiter has many bands of clouds going horizontally across its surface.
Jupiter-Saturn Conjunction Series from 0 to 3000 AD.
Jürgen Sparwasser shot a goal and East Germany won 1-0.
Jurors select five nominees in each award category from among the shows that air on Zee Tamil.
Jurowski studied at the Moscow Conservatory.
"Jury convicts Tom Delay in money laundering trial" by Juan A. Lozano, AP.
Just 8 hours after its release, the "Fine" clip reached 1 million views on YouTube, making it the singer's fastest video to reach that mark.
Just as Jack and Atlas reach the bay where it is located, Ryan has it destroyed; an angry Atlas asks Jack to kill Ryan.
Just before George Franklin Getty died in 1930, he believed that Jean Paul would destroy the family company, and told him so.
Just before he made his return Orton reinjured himself in a motorcycle accident.
Just before his 12th birthday he left school and started to learn how to be a butcher.
Just before his death, Alger claimed to have sold 800,000 books during his years as a writer.
Just before she died, she asked him to save Edward's life in the way "others do not have", and Carlisle wondered if she knew his secret.
Justice Blackmun said that the 14th amendment could create a constitutional right to have sex with another person of the same gender because of the right to privacy.
Justice John Marshall Harlan was the only justice who thought the law was against the Constitution.
Justin A. Welbergen at BBC News.
Just outside the town is Bartrums Brewery, on Rougham airfield but originally in Thurston.
Just over two years after work began, the completed secretariat was ready to house hundreds of staff members in approximately 170,000 square feet of space, furnished with marble, paintings, sculptures, and other gifts from PAHO member nations.
JVC released the first VHS machines in Japan in late 1976, and then in the United States in early 1977.
JYJ's debut album, The.
K183 and his Symphony in G minor K550.
Kacchu is now often used in feasts, entertainment and festivals.
KAFD will house 12,000 residents and in addition, it will have 62,000 parking spaces.
Kagawa is in the northwest part of Shikoku.
Kagin's wife died in 2010.
Kaguya was a member of the main family of the Otsutsuki clan.
Kahn's nicknames are "King Kahn" and "The Titan".
Kaine was unopposed for the Democratic nomination.
Kain has reunited with Raziel and knows that the Elder God is evil.
Kaiserschmarrn can be prepared in different ways.
Kakuzu was brought back to life during the Fourth Great Ninja War.
Kala is M.I.A.'s second album.
Kalamaloué National Park and Mozogo Gokoro National Park are also in the region.
Kalamata was liberated on 21 March 1821.
Kallio was born in Ylivieska.
Kalpana has acted in over 300 movies in many South Indian languages.
Kaltukatjara, Muṯitjulu and Imanpa are small communities in remote areas.
Kamaboko has been made in Japan since the 14th century CE and has become commonly available in many other countries.
Kambly got the award "Brand Excellence Swiss Trophy" in 2003.
Kamchatka Time, also known as Anadyr Time (ANAT) is a time zone in eastern Russia that is 12 hours ahead of UTC (UTC+12:00).
Kamondi died on 17 March 2016 at the age of 55.
Kandachira is a village in Panayam panchayat in Kollam district.
Kane surprised Chavo by emerging from underneath the ring instead of from the entrance stage.
Kanglatongbi has a high literacy rate as compared to the entire state, Manipur.
Kanji that stand alone usually have kun-yomi, while kanji compound words usually have on-yomi.
Kanno, a warrant officer, was the middle-seat observer on a plane piloted by Petty Officer First Class Tsuguo Gotō.
"Kansas' Biggest Rodeo" was first held in 1929.
Kant said an imperative is "categorical," when it is true at all times, and in all situations.
Karadžić's father had been a member of the Chetniks.
Karaikal Port is a deep draft, all weather port.
Karimabad is the administrative centre of the district.
Karin takes Goku to Kami, the original creator of the Dragon Balls, to bring back Shenlong and revive his friends.
Karl Foster Dean (born September 20, 1955) is an American attorney and politician.
Kars ultimately acquires the stone and become the Ultimate Being, immune to sunlight with ability to produce Hamon and manipulate his body at a cellular level to manifest the traits of various creatures.
Kartal behind the coast the land rises sharply up to Yakacık Hill ("the balcony of Istanbul") and Aydos, on these hills the land is fertile.
Karuizawa is on the southern slope of Mount Asama.
Kasem lived in Washington state.
Kasparov's spokeswoman accused the government of using pressure to discourage anyone from renting a hall for the gathering.
Kaštanka had over 110 trees in the turn of 19th and 20th century.
Katara can bend water to put out fires and can freeze it into a block by shaking the nunchuck.
Kate Quilton is a television presenter best known for her work on food shows like Food Unwrapped.
Katha is reading, and then explaining, the hymns.
Katherine observes that Tom's alter ego exhibits rage, heightened senses, strength and speed, and a flirtatious manner.
Katherine soon got tuberculosis, and died in January 1568.
Katriina Elovirta (15 February 1961 19 June 2018) was a Finnish female association footballer.
Katrina tries to follow them but loses them in the dark.
Katzbach runs through Legnica.
Kavakçı is recognized among the World's Most Influential 500 Muslims.
Kavirondo is the old name of the region around Kavirondo Gulf (now Winam Gulf) as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of British East Africa (The "Nilotic Kavirondo" and the "Bantu Kavirondo").
Kawamura unhesitatingly wheeled around and threw himself on the charge.
Kawashima played all 4 matches at the 2010 World Cup and Japan qualified to the knockout stage.
K Callan (born Katherine Elizabeth Borman; January 9, 1936) is an American author and actress.
Kedarnath Singh (7 July 1934 – 19 March 2018) was an Indian poet.
Keep in mind that the neutron that it came from has almost the same weight as the proton.
Keerthy Suresh was later signed to play the female lead role and Varalaxmi Sarathkumar was also confirmed, playing a pivotal role. citation citation citation B. Jeyamohan was recruited as writer, and shooting began in January 2018.
Keikichi Usui, who has been an ally since the jazz cafe "Grand Canyon" era, and Tadao Oka, who was also a member of the Sounds West in Nagoya, were welcomed and they were patronizing the restaurant in Kamata, Ota-ku.
Keith rapidly gained strength and later on September 30, Keith reached its highest wind speed with which at 140 mph.
Kejriwal contested in 2014 Indian general elections.
Kekulé's most famous work was on the structure of benzene.
Kellner was loyal to the Kaiser’s regime, but still he welcomed the birth of the German democracy after the war.
Kellogg now speaks to the late-night listener, presenting a relaxed yet relaxed direct message of the fullness of a life of religion.
Kelly Armstrong is the representative since elected in 2018.
Kelly Flynn (October 4, 1954 – March 3, 2021) was an American politician.
Kelly is still popular as a girl's name, although it has declined.
Kelly later said that Kennedy ".
Kelp can reach a length of up to 60 metres.
Kelvin stuck by his estimate of 100 million years, and later reduced the estimate to about 20 million years.
Kempelen did try to sell it before his death.
Kempelen, however, was more interested in his other projects and did not want to show the Turk. He would tell people it was not working.
Kengo loved the "red color of the Hinomaru", so I was particular about the color of the title of my movie, and even rushed to the photo lab to make it a convincing "red color of the Hinomaru".
Kenneth E. Heselton, Boiler Operator's Handbook (Lilburn, GA: Fairmont Press; New York: M. Dekker, 2005), p. 175 It is kept in a storage tank before being pumped to the boiler.
Kenny led Fine Gael in the 2011 general election.
Ken Schultz, Ken Schultz's Field Guide to Freshwater Fish (Hoboken, NJ: J. Wiley & Sons, 2004), p. 161 Fresh water Atlantic salmon are smaller than the anadromous (ocean-dwelling) Atlantic salmon.
Kent openly dislikes Donald, and takes every opportunity to try and fire him.
Kent State University Dissertation, QP 135.S73.
Kenya is a developing country, slowly growing more modern.
Kepler 22-b orbiting around another star.
Kerala is one of the biggest tourist attractions in India, both for Indians as well as foreigners.
Kermanshahi Kurds, who have not interest in Kurdistan becoming independent.
Kerouac liked to type on rolls of paper, because he did not have to stop to change pages.
Kerouac was proud to be an American, and always said good things about his country.
Kersey's father was an English-American who originated from Norman England.
Kerttula was the longest-serving member of the Alaska Legislature.
Kesha, Blanco, Neon Hitch and Sean Foreman wrote the song.
Ketamine is not the first anaesthetic a doctor would think of using in most situations because of the hallucinations it causes.
Kevin Lygo, director of television at Channel 4, referred to Holby City as "sudsy drama", deeming it, Casualty and HolbyBlue "all decent programmes, but strikingly similar in many aspects of their tone and construction."
Keynes did not have children.
Keynes' father, John Neville Keynes (1852–1949) outlived his son by three years.
Keys was a touring musician from 1956 until his death in 2014.
Key to this management is the management of large scale and systematic scanning of physical documents (such as the Google book scanning project).
KF Këlcyra is an Albanian football club founded in 1981 and based in the small town of Këlcyrë currently in the Albanian Second Division.
KFUO began streaming its broadcast on the station's web site, kfuo.
Khadija Arib is married with three children.
Khalid Shameem Wynne (28 August 1953 – 30 December 2017) was a Pakistani four star general.
Khalsa is the military community of Sikhism.
Khan had previously been said to have taken gas centrifuge designs from a uranium enrichment company in the Netherlands (URENCO) which he used to help Pakistan's own nuclear weapons program get started.
Khao Wong Phrachan (เขาวงพระจันทร์) At the summit of Khao Wong Phrachan visitors can see the panoramic scenery below.
KHD was a German company that owned the Deutz-Fahr brand of agriculture equipment.
Kheer is an Indian sweet made with short thin strands os semiya.
Khojak tunnel 5.2 kilometer long (3.2 miles).
Khuzdar is the capital of Khuzdar district.
Kikuchi was born in Tono on April 12, 1967.
Kill: Any hit, rollshot, or tip that automatically results in a point.
Killer Kane is even bigger than Max and acts in a very threatening, intimidating manner towards everyone, including his son, who he keeps tied up.
Kill nothing but time.
Killua remained by Gon's during the first half of the series until the end of the Chimera Ant arc.
Kimball was not certain if this was another skirmish or the start of a battle.
Kim has played in over 100 international matches.
Kim Hee-chul carried out mandatory military service from September 1, 2011 to August 30, 2013.
Kim was known for his leading roles in the movies My Wife Got Married (2008), The Servant (2010) and Yourself and Yours (2016).
Kinahmi is a way to Tuonela, the land of dead people.
Kinect is being developed, and may be in stores in late 2010.
Kinect was released to retail stores in late 2010.
King arranged for the government to bring in supplies for sale at a reasonable price, which ended the power of some of the military.
King Athelric of Deira was killed.
King Bela IV of Hungary was in control.
Kingdom (37 B.C.-668 A.D.). Korea had two kinds of clothing tradition.
King Edward's rule is very good to the common and poor people, because he has lived that way for a while and knows how hard it is.
King Henry VI was put into prison.
King looked at ways to increase the food supply and arranged for the import of sheep and cattle to build up stocks.
Kingman Reef and Navassa Island have offshore anchorage only.
King never found the answer to the "talent versus luck" question.
Kings XI Punjab did not qualify for the Champions League T20 in this year.
Kings XI Punjab finished fifth in this IPL season.
Kinney National Service Inc. was a media company was formed in 1966 by the merger of Kinney Parking Company and National Cleaning Company.
Kintore was founded in 1981.
Kinuta Productions, which produced the feature film "Haha Nareba Onna", directed by Fumio Kamei and starring Isuzu Yamada in 1952, was paid to Nikkei for the settlement of the 4th Toho Dispute.
KIPS ICOCA（This card is one kind of ICOCA, sold by Kintetsu.
Kirby can also enter robotic bodies, which can make use of his copy ability perform a stronger attack based on that power.
Kirby travels throughout seven worlds, defeating most enemies in order to collect the fragments.
Kirby uses this ability to rescue a boy named Prince Fluff.
Kirengeshoma is a genus containing two species of plants in the hydrangea family.
Kishi was born on November 25, 1975.
Kiss recorded their second album Hotter Than Hell, released in October 22, 1974.
Kitchener then slowly became a prosperous city as it is today.
Kito Lorenc (4 March 1938 – 24 September 2017) was a Sorbian-German writer, lyric poet and translator.
Kiva's team is composed of around 450 employees and volunteers who work for the organisation.
Kizuna is designed as a young animated girl.
Kkakdugi is made of cubed Korean radish (mu).
Klara was very devoted to her children.
Klein and Thomas met during the making of the documentary, and again at its premiere.
Kleiza played in Denver from 2005 until 2009.
Kleomedes was so angry he returned to his home town, and pulled out a post supporting a school roof.
Klimova played in the films " Storm Gates " and " Antikiller D. K. ", in the TV series " Poor Nastya ", " Escape ", " Boiling Point ".
KLM stopped flying to Miami in 2012.
K. Michelle is well known for appearing in the first two seasons of "Love & Hip Hop".
Knives were some of the first tools developed by humans.
Knowing how good an algorithm is on average lets people know what to generally expect when using that algorithm.
Known as the Ragin' Cajun, Carville gained national attention for his work as the lead strategist of the successful presidential campaign of then-
Known for his role as Lord Ram citation in Siya Ke Ram (TV series).
Knox married his wife Susan in 1824.
Knoxville's textile and manufacturing industries were hurt by foreign competition in the 1950s and 1960s.
Koalas also have finger prints which look the same as human finger prints.
Kochanowski translated The Book of Psalms and Chess by Marco Girolamo Vida.
Koechlin became a freelance composer and teacher.
Koedoe - African Protected Area Conservation and Science 50 (1): 93-98.
Köhler's observations and experiments were done on chimpanzees in captivity.
Kohl is a founder of VeloSano, an annual charity cycling event that has raised more than $21 million for research at the Cleveland Clinic Taussig Cancer Institute since 2014.
Koko is kind and gentle, she had no interest in fighting and participating in the Mamodo Battle.
Koly cries because her sass has left her.
Kom is a member of the Kom tribe of north-east India.
Komondor dogs should be trained to listen to owners and caregivers.
Konbu is a Japanese manga artist known mostly for her comedy and yuri manga.
Kong relentlessly rampages through the village until Denham, who has decided to switch his plan from producing a film to capturing Kong and sailing him to New York City, knocks him unconscious with a gas bomb.
Konrad of Masovia brought the Teutonic Knights to fight against Baltic pagan Prussian tribes.
Konrad of Megenberg died in the city in 1374.
Köpenick was an independent town until 1920.
Korea: a historical and cultural dictionary, p. 394; note that this ancient term is distinguished from the mdoern "sadaejuui", which was invented by early 20th century Korean nationalists -- see Mitchell, Anthony.
Kosovo will respect the advisory opinion."
Kostandin Shpataraku was born in Valesh village in the Shpat region of Albania.
Kountz applied but was turned down.
Kowalewski was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (2002), Gold Medal of Medal for Merit to Culture, "Gloria Artis" (2009) and Grand Prize Splendor (Wielki Splendor) (1992).
Krajcberg was against the destruction of the Brazilian forests, using materials such as burnt wood from illegal forest fires in his artworks.
Krenz tried to show that he was looking for change within the GDR but the citizens did not trust him.
Krip Hop Nation performed at the Happening Weekend at DaDaFest 2010.
Kristi Lynn Noem (main; née Arnold, November 30, 1971) is an American politician.
Krukenkreuz, the sign of the Austrian state at the time.
Ksenia was never married and has no children.
K. Sukumaran (born 12 July 1930) is an Indian politician and lawyer.
KU dedicated its Vietnam Memorial in 1986.
Kuka‘ilimoku and the leader of the Waipi‘o Valley.
Kuki has a famous festival that runs from July 12th - July 18th.
Kunde started 5 times in the Tour de France, but only finished two times, in 1964, 1965 and 1966.
Kundry works for the knights.
Kunwars were initiated in the Darbar politics through influential Sardar Ramkrishna Kunwar.
Kurdish traders carried the imports and exports, and Kurdish tribes sometimes attacked the trade routes.
Kurds live mostly in Southeastern and Eastern Turkey.
Kuwait's National assembly.
Kuzco and Pacha team up to retrieve the potion, which Yzma snatches, but is knocked out by Kronk, who found a secret exit.
Kvaternik believed that Francetić "a born guerrilla and a son of our mountainous Hercegovina" was the reason good enough to put him in the role of military leader in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
KVIrc 4.2.0 was released on July, 3rd 2012.
Kwai Chang Caine is a Shaolin monk fugitive who fled to America to escape the Emperor who put a price on his head, for the crime of his father.
Kwame Raoul (born September 30, 1964) is an American lawyer and politician.
Kwikset makes low to medium security residential and light commercial door locks.
KWord was created as part of the KOffice project in 1998 using some ideas from FrameMaker such as the frames approach.
Kyle presented the show until it ended 13 December 2011.
Kyle usually has a good relationship with his parents, although he sometimes would rebel against them.
Kyyjärvi was established in 1929.
Labonte posted twenty top-ten finishes in 1997, but did not win until the fall race at Talladega Superspeedway.
Labradoodles should be trained early to have a respect for other animals.
Lace is very lightweight and open, and the patterns usually have many holes and frills.
Lachulanga la (el. 5059 m) is a mountain pass on the Leh-Manali highway.
La Crosse was created in 1876.
Ladislaus Hory and Martin Broszat: Der Kroatische Ustascha-Staat, 1941-1945 Stuttgart, 1964 Edmond Paris: Genocide in Satellite Croatia, The American Institute for Balkan Affairs, 1525 West Diversey Parkway, Chicago, Illinois.
Lady Burdett-Coutts had no children.
La Gata premiered on May 5, 2014, and earned 17.7 points of rating in its 4 p.m. time slot.
Lagrange's parents were Italian, although he also had French ancestors on his father's side.
"LA: How Could Hell Be Any Worse?" p. 79. In 1985, the Descendents worked with two new singers, Dave Smalley of DYS and Dag Nasty.
Laid out on a rocky outcrop 130 meters above the river, the park offers a view of the valley, castles and neighboring villages, including Beynac-et-Cazenac, Fayrac, Castelnaud, La Roque-Gageac and Domme.
Lairembi main) or Lairemma main, is the Meitei word for '
Laitinen retired from the Finnish Border Guard due to ill health on 31 August 2019. citation He died on 29 September 2019, aged 57, due to illness.
Laitman, J.T. and Reidenberg, J.S. (1997) The human aerodigestive tract and gastroesophageal reflux: An evolutionary perspective.
Lake Anna has very good numbers of channel catfish, with many averaging 3 pounds.
Lake Anna is about convert long from tip to tip.
Lake Arignano is in the comune.
Lake Bassola is east of the city.
Lake Ojibway's beach terraces show that it was convert above sea level.
Lake Peipus is the fourth largest lake in Europe.
Lamborghini built 2,884 Diablos in total.
Lamborghini revealed the Diablo SV at the 1995 Geneva Motor Show.
La mort de Cléopâtre which is a wonderful work but he still did not win the prize.
Lancaster also possesses two other museums showing Pennsylvania Dutch heritage with the Lancaster Mennonite Historical Society Museum and the Heritage Center Museum.
Lancaster has two universities.
Lancet arches are a sign of the style.
Land for the City of Attica was bought in late June 1884.
Landham spent three years in prison after being convicted on federal charges of making threatening phone calls to his wife before the U.S. Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the conviction in May 2001.
Landing on Free Spin space means they must guess a letter in the puzzle to earn it.
Landmark Aviation has flight schools and can fix planes or fill them with fuel.
Land O' Lakes is part of the Tampa-St.
Land owners also put their money into industries that made more money for them.
Land reclamation uses the same process, which is sped up.
Lange has been married to Mary Ley since 2001.
Language moves: The place of "foreign" languages in classroom teaching and learning.
Language specialists are still searching for the true meaning of the word.
Laozi never opened a school but still had many students.
Laozi says not to reject technology, but instead seek the calm state of wu wei (無爲), without desires.
La Plaine is another large town.
La Plata District Attorney Marcelo Romero opened an investigation and cited some players and club officers to testify, but the entire affair was soon dismissed.
Large and complex coral reefs are along the north-east coast of Komodo.
Large chemical databases for structures allow users to store and search for millions of molecules.
Large department stores also like to do power purchasing agreements because they have large roofs and do not want to deal with the costs of installing and maintaining panels.
Large igneous provinces of Asia (250 Ma): Siberian and Emeishan traps (plateau basalts) and associated granitoids.
Large males can grow as long as 3.5 m (11 ft) in length.
Larger, more populated counties will often operate more than one jail at locations throughout the county.
Larger pythons can prey on animals as large as a full-grown deer.
Large specimens should be handled with care, if at all, because they may defend themselves with a very painful stab from the proboscis.
Large was hospitalised for weeks in late 2013 after tripping over a road sign near his Portishead, Somerset home.
Larnaca is home to the country's primary airport, Larnaca International Airport.
Larrieu died on June 1, 2020 at the age of 83.
Larry Collins, American writer (d.
Larry Graham invented a new style of electric bass playing called "slap bass technique."
Larsen-Freeman mostly researches second language acquisition.
Larsen's selected games of chess.
Lascuráin, as foreign minister, assumed the presidency.
Lasker (white) v Schlechter (black).
LASK promoted to the Austrian Bundesliga.
Lastly he married Patricia Tunder from 1975 until his death in 2012.
Lastly, it is usual for alphanumeric codes to be "case insensitive", which means it does not matter whether you write them in upper case (capital letters) or lower case (small letters).
Lastly, the style was completed with a hopping feel to the moves, making the dance highly energetic and expressive as house music became more upbeat.
Last mine was closed during 17th century.
Last of all would be any children William III might have had from any marriage after that.
Last SEC fails to take into account for a component’s viscosity or resistance to flow.
Late in 1686 the king had been ill, but he got better, so he asked Lully to organize a concert to celebrate the fact that he was well again.
Late in 48 BC, he was appointed dictator again, with a term of one year.
Late in his life, Maciel was revealed to have been for a long time a drug addict who sexually abused many boys and young men.
Late in October 1863, they robbed a woman at Gostwyck Hut, near Armidale, and stole a shotgun and some bacon.
Lately, however, the movie calendar has become very crowded with more new releases.
Late on July 13, both the JMA and the JTWC upgraded Ma-on to a typhoon.
Later, after working in "The Five" where Ishibashi is the leader, Yasuda first apperence was in the Nagoya club "Fernando" as a member of "Happy Furinance".
Later Amir Khusrau become a famous court poet of Ala ud din Khilji.
Later, and influenced by this event, two new Firearms Acts were passed.
Later, and with years, Starčević more and more marked the "Slavoserbs" as a separate ethnic group, or - as he used to say the "breed", ranked, as humans, lower than the Jews: "The Jews are less harmful than the Slavoserbs.
Later a new mill, but this was burned down ´in 1999.
Later a railway went around the falls.
Later, Aram organized concert tours for these artists.
Later, Bella's placenta detaches in an accident, and the Cullens rush her to their makeshift delivery room.
Later Caulifla is seen in a rocky area with Cabba and her protégée Kale, Cabba teaches Caulifla how to become a Super Saiyan.
Later he had a small shop in Rome.
Later he named the children’s condition “early infantile autism”, Mash E, Wolfe D (2016).
Later he passed the bar and moved to California in 1849.
Later, he published Guetta Blaster (2004) and Pop Life (2007).
Later, he put the dish on the menu at his restaurant, the Alfredo alla Scrofa, and called his version Fettuccine Alfredo.
Later he re-built his fortune.
Later he returned to Switzerland, where he lived as a composer.
Later he studied under and worked with a botanist named Charles Louis L'Héritier de Brutelle (1746–1800).
Later he was coach of the Austrian national footballteam and three times manager of the WSC.
Later he wrote an autobiography about his life and his unusual skills.
Later, Hunyadi made him the Kingdom of Hungary's candidate for the throne of Wallachia.
Later in 2012, Jalbert joined a project called Fondation Dédé Fortin.
Later in life, he turned to other scientific problems.
Later in the 19th century came machines which speeded up typesetting, which was previously done by hand, letter by letter.
Later in the same year, the Russians signed an agreement with the Persians.
Later in the season, she returned to Colorno and took part in the 2017 Rugby World Cup in Ireland.
Later it became known as Offenhauser.
Later, it led to the demand for a separate and Independent 'Pakistan.'
Later, John Thorpe proposes to Catherine, but she does not realise he is asking her to marry him.
Later models of Charleville muskets remained in service until 1840.
Later more people began to grow bonsai.
Later on, a good question would be if a certain thing is in the bag.
Later on, it shifted towards unscripted programs and movies.
Later on she married another man.
Later on, some non-European countries also joined this organisation.
Later quick-drying concrete plugged it.
Later Rose's book said that he did gamble.
Later she choreographed Push Comes to Shove.
Later, she is called Yellowpaw.
Later, she left the Show.
Later she was rumored to have dated a younger Lu Siyuan before the relationship ended in 2003.
Later, six more districts were carved out by reorganizing these districts.
Later, some drunk Socs try to kill Ponyboy and his friend, Johnny Cade, kills Bob Sheldon, a Soc and they go hide in a church.
Later standards add a letter to the name.
Later that day, it became a major hurricane, and crossed into the Central Pacific shortly thereafter.
Later that day, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Oliwa (
Later that day, United States soldiers took over Langenstein, one of Buchenwald's smaller camps.
Later that night however, the band decided that they did not like the music had written and scrapped all the songs they had written (which was about 3/4 of an album, as they were almost done recording).
Later that year, a significant faction of the OPC, led by Carl McIntire, broke away to form the Bible Presbyterian Church, a denomination which, unlike the OPC, required abstinence from alcohol and taught premillennialism.
Later, the advantage of using a thin-film of material was noted, reducing the mass of material required for cell design.
Later the band decided that Taylor would sing lead vocals alone and Colsefini was moved to backing vocals.
Later, the Jews were allowed to return but were forced to wear pointed hats.
Later the sword was stolen by his sister and it was the time when the scabbard (sword coverage) was lost.
Later they came to be known as Dutch.
Later, they speculated leaks to make public of a private Windows-based beta that was provided to donators.
Later they started creating their own products.
Later, they will also rule the universe with Jesus as part of the "God Family".
Later, Virginia had a sexual relationship with Vita Sackville-West, a writer and a poet.
Later, when people said that the images were fake, the GNAA made a press release which said that the screenshots were real and said that they had "trolled" the Apple websites.
Later, when the Italian invasion of British Somaliland began on 3 August, the forces at Loyada moved on Zeila, which they conquered by 5 August.
Later writers would note some flaws.
Later, young English Dr. John (the gentleman who helped her when she first came to France) keeps on visiting the school because he loves Ginevra, who says she doesn't like him much.
Latvia was settled by the Baltic tribes thousands of years ago.
Launched on 24 September 1992, it is part of the entertainment conglomerate NBC Universal.
Laura fails Gia, Erica, Jessica and Jacqueline for their behavior, and does not name a VIP because the overall lack of improvement among the group, informing them that their chances of graduation are in question.
Laura is married to Harry Lopes, and has a daughter, Eliza, born in 2008 and two sons, Gus and Louis, born in 2009.
Lavalette was best known for his roles in The Bureaucrats (1959), Heaven Sent (1963), Thomas the Impostor (1964), Le gendarme se marie (1968) and The Apprentice Heel (1977).
La Varenne had earlier (1650) written a book on confitures jams, jellies and preserves.
Lavinia's younger sister Minnie was much smaller than she was.
La Wally was a great success.
Law and order are not necessary.
Law and order could not be maintained because the police, long an instrument of the Rhee government, were demoralized and had been completely discredited by the public.
Lawful unto you (for food) are all four-footed animals.
Lawrence and his team do find the sunken ship and dig down through the dust to cut a hole in the hull.
Laws in some countries use the amount of consanguinity between two people.
Lawson died from complications of diabetes.
Lawsuits were also filed against Robinhood in the U.S. District Courts for the Southern District of New York and the Northern District of Illinois.
Laws were passed that made interracial marriages illegal.
Lawyers work in different settings.
Layers of materials with distinct electrochemical properties are sandwiched together to form a single galvanic cell.
Laylat ul Isra and Miraj means "The Night of Power and Ascension".
Lazaridis, Iosif (2016), "The genetic structure of the world's first farmers"
LDPE doesn't stick to itself as well as PVC.
Leading health officials called for a review of the barcode advertising.
Lead singer Louis Benjamin Falgoust II describes where the band sits in the many subgenres of metal: "Whatever terms people decide to lock us into— black metal, death metal, black death metal, everyone's gotta have some kind of little blanket.
Lead single "Mowgli's Road" was re-released in November 2009 whilst Marina was working on the album.
League Rookie of the Year" in 1993.
Leah is now in fifth grade and loves reading, skating on her “Heelys” and playing with her little sister Lucy.
Leakey joined the Department of Anthropology faculty at Stony Brook University, New York in 2002.
Learning that with great power comes great responsibility, Spider-Man becomes a vigilante.
Leaves are wavy at the edges.
Leaves can have different shapes.
Le Breton beat Mills with a cane.
Lecithin is in egg yolk and is used for example in making mayonnaise.
Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol 8543.
Lee created the Spider-Man newspaper comic strip on January 3, 1977.
Lee decided to invade Maryland after the battle.
Lee died from jumping out of his apartment building on September 28, 2016, aged 64.
LEED is not a standard but an evaluation grid. citation LEED is a way to think up and realise art projects in a durable way.
Lee frequently criticized women who are involved in show-business for abusing their positions as idols by sexualizing their image.
Lee hinted towards releasing a solo album since 2008.
Lee’s frustration in the 2016 Rio Olympic games was also included in the movie.
Lee Van Cleef (January 9, 1925 – December 16, 1989) was an American actor.
Le Faye, A Family Record, 279. Most of the biographies written about her for 50 years after she died was by her relatives, who often described her as "good quiet Aunt Jane".
Left alone, the two remember their past happiness.
Legal Information Institute (www.law.cornell.edu). Retrieved on 2013-06-18.
Legend says that she is the actual daughter of Chingkhu Akhuba, who after returning from a journey, found a baby girl on the way, brought her to home.
Legends of Chima is an TV show series based on the Legends of Chima LEGO sets.
Legolas and Gimli go into Minas Tirith and meet Merry and Pippin again.
"Lego" to talk about any sort of building blocks.
Legs and feet are black.
Legs that have a chela are called chelipeds.
Le Guin once said that since Orsinia was her own country it should have her name.
Le Guin's novel The Left Hand of Darkness and novella Paradises Lost have both been adapted for theater.
Leicester has a race course, which is also in Oadby.
Leighton was born in England.
Lemieux was retired at the time the list was published, but returned later for parts of five more seasons.
Lenard worked out that atoms were mostly empty space.
Lena Schroeder is the only woman to be competing in sledge hockey at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Lennon was born at Liverpool Women's Hospital in Liverpool.
Lenses have three main shapes.
Lensing by a black hole.
Len then went on tour with the "O-Bar-O Cowboys".
Leonardo did the painting twice.
Leonardo died at Clos Lucé, on May 2, 1519.
Leonardo lit some fires to dry it, and the painting melted.
Leonardo went to the meeting with Pope Leo.
Leon Gast (March 1, 1936 – March 8, 2021) was an American documentary movie director, producer, cinematographer, and editor.
Leonore thinks it may be her husband, but she is not sure.
Leopards hunt at different times, and they also use different methods for hunting.
Leo was ransomed by his father, who gave up the throne for him shortly after.
Leroy Hall Jr. a man who killed his ex girlfriend, Traci Crosier, in 1991.
Lesbian and gay life before and after Stonewall, as seen by six contemporaries.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Cyprus may face legal challenges not experienced by non-
Lesion is derived from the Latin laesio "injury". citation Lesions may occur in plants as well as animals.
Leslie Cheung Kwok-Wing (12 September 1956 – 1 April 2003) was a Hong Kong singer and actor.
Leslie's father, Bill Burke (Latham Gaines), tells Jess that she loved him.
Leslie's such a lively and energetic character, it was really fun for me to become her."
Lesnar and Heyman didn't like this open challenge and tried to leave because they thought that nobody would be would not be a big enough challenge.
Lesser coat of arms between May 8, 1935 - November 11, 1975.
Less lethal shells are most often used by police.
Less than 20% are descended in the female line from Neolithic farmers from the Middle East.
Less than 25 micrograms (1000 IU) per day, but up to 100 mcg (4000 IU) per day is considered safe. citation A recent panel of Vitamin D researchers concluded that at least 20-25 mcg (800-1000 IU) per day would help most adults.
Less than one year after the Berlin Wall was broken down, Germany again became one country.
Let earth receive her King!
"Let him walk in the door!"
"Letters to Catharine E. Beecher, in reply to An Essay on Slavery and Abolitionism, addressed to A. E. Grimké (1837)."
Letter which Cranfield wrote (at Copt Hall) to his wife that lived away from him, around 1670.
Let there be an observer K who describes when events occur with a time coordinate t, and who describes where events occur with spatial coordinates x, y, and z.
Leucine is the only amino acid which is more common.
Level 1 is an anomaly beyond the authorized operating regime.
"Level A" has about 1200 words.
Lewicki refused to play for Toronto, but was told that he had to play for the Marlboros, or nowhere else.
Lewinsky said that she had sex with Bill Clinton nine times from November 1995 to March 1997.
LHJ hit 1 million subscribers around 1907.
Liaison Committee, among other positions.
Liam was indeed killed by a Britons arrow and his nephew Sean takes control of Sevenwaters.
Liberland visitors and citizens come to the area by boat from Apatin, Serbia and other ports and docks along the Danube River.
Liberto, a messenger (his name means “a freed slave”), comes to tell Seneca that Nero is going to have him killed.
Libraries contain a variety of materials.
Libya was alleged to have sponsored anti-western groups.
Lichenometry is based on the assumption that the largest lichen growing on a rock is the oldest individual.
Lichtenstein has the second name "Stadt im grünen" (engl. "town in green").
Lido Anthony "Lee" Iacocca (main main; October 15, 1924 July 2, 2019) was an American automobile executive and writer.
Lieutenant Colonel Boris T. Pash, the head of the Counter Intelligence Branch of the Western Defense Command, investigated suspected Soviet espionage at the Radiation Laboratory in Berkeley.
Life expectancy is 54 years old in Chad.
Life in the open was different, and there was a big advantage in having better brains.
Life on a young planet: the first three billion years of evolution on Earth.
Light-dependent reactions(light dependent phase) need light to do work; and light-independent reactions(light independent phase) which do not need light to do work.
Light emitted in this way can be split into different colours using a prism.
Lighting, at 25%, plays a much larger role than it does in the residential sector.
Lightning then strikes the antenna, giving it extra power and projecting it into every radio in Springfield.
Lightning usually hits the tallest structure.
Lightspeed was started by publisher Sean Wallace of Prime Books with John Joseph Adams as editor.
Like Alphas, they have no physical changes.
Like a man, a woman has a tube called the urethra connecting the bladder to the vulva through which urine is removed from the body.
Like a man's penis, a woman's clitoris also becomes bigger and harder, moving out and away from the body, when she is sexually excited.
Like a man's penis, a woman's clitoris can also become erect.
Like Apple devices, the maps are clean and clear and have a fun, pretty element to them, especially in 3-D.
Like Chinese, Japanese also does not use spacing in its writing.
Like hurling, it is a stick-and-ball game played by teams of 15, with the pitch and goals the same as those in hurling.
Like many Christian-themed games of the middle 19th-century, The Mansion of Happiness lost some of its popularity in the last decades of the 19th century.
Like many other snakes, if they are threatened, they will show aggression and signals that warn the attacker.
Like many towns in southwestern Connecticut, Weston is one of the richest communities in the United States.
Like most adults in South Park, he has a tendency to get caught up in any trend.
Like most Internet phenomena, the Chuck Norris facts have spread around the world.
Like other successful athletes of ancient Greece, Milo was the subject of tales of strength and power.
Like Parks and Recreation, The Office was another sitcom that Daniels created.
Like several other Arctiidae moth larvae, the cinnabar caterpillars can turn cannibalistic.
Like so many other hymns the name of the hymn is made of the first few words.
Like the Arabs, this small group of Jews thought the way Israel was created was not right.
Like the battles,Once the song is over and the coaches make their comments, it is up to the contestant's coach to decide who is the winner of the battle.
Like the other areas of Disney's Animal Kingdom, there are animals on display.
Like the other gas giants, Neptune has no solid land on its surface so landing on Neptune would be impossible.
Like the preventive measures, these things cost money, and rich people and rich countries will be able to change more easily than the poor.
Like the rest of the southeastern U.S., Warne receives abundant rainfall, which is relatively evenly distributed throughout the year.
Like the stochastic approach to tie-breaking, dithering has no bias: if all fraction values are equally likely, rounding up by a certain amount is as likely as rounding down by that same amount; and the same is true for the sum of several rounded numbers.
Like the term negro, many people consider it to be offensive.
Like the White-tailed hummingbird, it is sometimes thought to be a subspecies of the more common Stripe-tailed hummingbird.
Like the word scissors, is always used as a plural (one pair of loppers is shown in this image).
Likewise, Saudi Arabia and Iraq decided in 1981 to partition the neutral zone between them.
Lila May Banks Cockrell (January 19, 1922 August 29, 2019) was an American politician.
Lil B released his first album with The Pack on October 30, 2007.
Lil' Red can throw apples at enemies.
Lily Chou-Chou is an imaginary singer who plays an odd music in this movie, and her fans communicate with each other through internet site named ‘Lily-holic.’
Limits can also be used to see what happens when things get very big.
Limon has 3,400 mm of rain annually.
Limón has no dry season.
Lincoln Park Zoo is the only one within the Chicago city limits.
Lincoln promoted dozens of men to the rank of general without any idea if they were competent or not.
Lincoln's "few appropriate remarks" summarized the war in ten sentences.
Linda's life is revealed to not be as perfect as it seems.
Lindblom also recorded music.
Linear A has about fifty signs that are similar to those in Linear B. About 80% of the signs in Linear A are unique.
Linear combinations of atomic orbitals (LCAO) can be used to guess the molecular orbitals that are made when the molecule’s atoms bond together.
Linen manufacturing was previously an important industry in the County.
Lines through a given point P and asymptotic to line l.
Linguistic purity is about avoiding foreign influences to a language because they are seen as bad.
Linguistics Research Center.
Linus is the leader of the Linux project, which has many members around the world.
Linux was originally developed for personal computers.
Lion Air has ordered 166 737-900ERs as of August 2011.
Lionel at the Melbourne International Film Festival in 2008.
Lípa was first documented in 1351.
Lisa Birnbach's humorous "guides", The Official Preppy Handbook and its sequel True Prep: It’s a Whole New Old World, say Lilly Pulitzer clothing is a must-have item for "preppy" women.
Listing ancient Greek and Roman statues.
List of active volcanoes includes volcanoes which are erupting, or have erupted in modern times.
Lita began to be "booed" for the first time by the fans during this time.
Lithium hydroxide is a white solid.
Lithium hydroxide is used to make lithium greases.
Lithium was first used in greases.
Lithuania is a country in Northern Europe.
Lithuanian Americans form by far the largest group within the Lithuanian diaspora.
Little is known apart from this about his birth other than it must of took place in Scotland.
Little is known for certain about Sappho's life.
Little Mix was the first girl band to win The X Factor.
Little Richard called himself the "king of rockin' and rollin', rhythm and blues soulin'".
Liv decided to come home because she missed her family and wanted to see them again.
LiveJournal lets users change their accounts in several ways.
Liverworts are usually placed in the bryophytes, a group of plants without tissue to conduct water.
Lives of the Lord Chancellors and Keepers of the Great Seal of England From the Earliest Times Till the Reign of King George IV, 5th ed. London: John Murray.
Live video showing: "A test for broadcast."
Living trusts may be used to manage property both during the settlor's lifetime and after death.
Lizard village, the most southerly village on the British mainland, is in Landewednack, the most southerly parish.
Ljungby was located more central in Sunnerbo hundred and had better road connections.
Lloyd did these dangerous stunts himself even though a movie accident had caused the loss of his right thumb and index finger.
Lloyd was the first South African wrestler to compete in the WWE.
LL sounds like a cat hissing.
Local alderman Brian Hopkins the second has advocated extending the trail east across the North Branch of the Chicago River.
Localism means that the brain has individual areas that are responsible for certain actions in the body.
Locally these are named dzongkhags.
Local, national, and express (KTX) trains stop there.
Local unemployment is high in Hartford compared to other cities, the state, and the nation.
Located at the intersection of 28th Street and Park Avenue South in Rose Hill, Manhattan.
Located in the heart of Guadalupe, this religious sanctuary, the second most important in the city and dating back to the late 18th century, has a baroque façade and a large dome covered in traditional talavera tiles.
Locating the electron with other means would involve holding it in some kind of physical restraint that would also terminate its forward movement.
Location of Mandurah in Western Australia.
Location of the weather station Alert.
Lochner was charged with violating the state law.
Locomotives for TOPS classes 24 and 26 have their original sub-classes shown, as each wholly comprised locomotives from a distinct 1962 class.
Lodestar, suffered an engine failure while being flown overloaded in icing conditions.
Lodewijk Asscher is married with three children.
Logical volume management is a form of virtualisation.
Logistic regression uses the logistic function to find a model that fits with the data points.
Logo used from November 2006 to April 2010.
"Loguidice, a graduate of Sayreville War Memorial High School, has since spent his life collecting and playing video games."
Lojban is based on an earlier language called Loglan.
Lom was married three times.
London 1974: Oxford University Press. especially chapter 3: Causal Regularities, pp. 59–87.
London City Airport was purchased in October 2006 by a consortium comprising AIG Financial Products Corp. and Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) for an undisclosed sum.
Londoners regard it as a single road, the Embankment.
London is a major retail centre, and in 2010 had the highest non-food retail sales of any city in the world, with a total spend of around £64.2 billion.
London: The Geological Society.
Lonely Planet's online community, the Thorn Tree, citation was created in 1996.
Long Beach Transit Routes 111, 104, and 102 serve the airport.
Long before the Germans did, the French had thought of using airborne troops to do speedy attacks.
Long shot four people at Young's Asian Massage.
Longstreet decided to write his own article refuting Daniel's claims about Hill at the battle.
Look how the priests teach you, the falsifiers, thieves.
Looking at Horstooth rock from a hinking trail.
Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!"
Lopes had recorded a few verses before she was killed.
Lopez then gained her first regular high-profile job as a Fly Girl dancer on the television comedy program In Living Color.
Lora is located at 33°52'60N 73°16'60E with a height of 1138 metres (3736 feet).
Loralai town is the district headquarters.
Lord Archer was found guilty of perjury.
Lord could not sell his serfs like Romans sold slaves.
Lord Cullen took note of the fact that the railway line in London Paddington was prone to trains failing to stop at the same red signal that the Thames Turbo passed.
Lord Elgin talked with Seymour and the other generals about their plan to Canton.
; Lord Justices : Three people who acted in for the Lord Lieutenant's when he was away.
Lord Rothermere then brought in the Daily Mail's editor David English (later Sir David).
Lorenz has been known to smash them at the end of a performance.
Lorenzo Fernando Lamas (born January 20, 1958) is an American actor.
Lorenzo, Michelle, Olga, and Rebekah were placed on the list in 2001 instead.
Los Angeles County has voted for the Democratic candidate in most of the presidential elections in the past 40 years.
Los Hermanos Cartagena is a 1984 Bolivian drama movie directed by Paolo Agazzi and starring Eddy Bravo, Alberto Cornejo, Oscar Cortés, Ernesto Ferrante.
Losses of British warships were small.
Lossing (1852), p. 159 From the ship Arnold wrote a letter to Washington, Arnold to Washington, 25 September 1780 requesting that Peggy be given safe passage to her family in Philadelphia, a request Washington granted.
Lots of companies also donate money or benefits.
Lots of different measurements of correlation are used for different situations.
Lots of people liked Mario Kart: Double Dash!
Lots of rain from the storm caused flooding, and eleven people were killed in the area.
Lots of them are also able to operate.
Lott was named All-Pro eight times, All-NFC six times, and All-AFC once.
Loudspeakers frequency response and frequency response digitally fixed.
Louie’s full name is Louis.
Louis and Mary thought it was female and named her Cinderella, or Cindy.
Louis Braille was not the first person to think about how to let the blind read and write.
Louis claimed the Spanish Netherlands in place of the wedding gift that Philip IV had never paid.
Louis Dearborn L'Amour (main; March 22, 1908 – June 10, 1988) was an American novelist and short-story writer.
Louise Mirrer has been the president of the Historical Society since 2004.
Louis then led the medalists on a lap of honor around the stadium, while the Olympic Hymn was played again.
Louis was King of Spain from 14 January to 31 August 1724, less than eight months.
Louis XVI and Antoinette sat with their backs to the fireplace.
Louis XVIII was returned to the throne again, and the Second Restoration began.
Lourdes has the second greatest number of hotels in France after Paris with about 270 establishments.
Lovelock subsequently said that his proposal was intended to stimulate interest, and research would be the next step.
LoVerde, April 16, 1969 – February 24, 2010) was an American senior animal trainer at SeaWorld.
Love said, "you're never going to get anywhere playing that punk rock noise" and left the band. citation In 1986 Bjelland started The Italian Whorenuns.
Love waves were named after A.E.H. Love.
Lower Cretaceous vertebrate fauna from the Sinuiju basin, North Korea as evidence of geographic extension of the Jehol Biota into the Korean Peninsula.
Low orbits work well for satellites that take pictures of the Earth.
Low self-esteem issues can make a person suffering from acne withdraw from many social events.
Lozny, Ludomir R (Ed.) Comparative Archaeologies: A Sociological View of the Science of the Past p.407 New York: Springer (1968–78).
LSD has been manufactured illegally since the 1960s.
LSD: my problem child.
; Lucario is used by Maylene, the third Sinnoh Gym Leader, a tag-team partner known as Riley, and by Cynthia, Sinnoh's Elite Four Champion.
Lucky Pulpit was the sire of the 2014 Kentucky Derby and 2014 Preakness Stakes winner and subsequent 2014 Horse of the Year, California Chrome.
Lucy begins to love him secretly, but tries her best to keep her feelings hidden.
Lucy Flores (born October 24, 1979) is an American lawyer and politician.
Ludden was well known for hosting many game shows.
Lugia and Ho-Oh are special cases in that are Mythical only in Game Boy Advance (GBA) versions but legendary in other versions, where they can be obtained by normal gameplay.
Luigi Federico Menabrea (September 4, 1809 May 24, 1896), later made Count Menabrea and Marquis of Valdora, was an Italian general, statesman, mathematician and diplomat.
Luigi Franza (24 February 1939 19 October 2020) was an Italian politician and lawyer.
Luis Durnwalder has been the head of government since 1989.
Luis kept slowly weakening and headed to the northeast.
Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes won in the final 3–6, 6–3, 6–2 against Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles.
Luke never said there were 3 wise men, only wise men from the east.
Lulu is always seen as being there to help her friends.
Lundquist currently calls SEC games and other college football games for CBS with Gary Danielson and sideline reporter Tracy Wolfson.
Lundstrom (2006), p. 203; D'Albas, p. 109; Stille, p. 72; Morison, p. 64. For the Japanese, the battle was seen as a problem.
Lundstrom, Pearl Harbor to Midway, p. 190; Cressman, p. 95; Dull, p. 130; Lundstrom (2006), p. 166. Hara thought that he had found the American carriers.
LXXVII, No. 8 (Dec 1973) p, 72 But they will readily feed on their smaller siblings.
Lyceum Alpinum Zuoz, a private school, is in Zuoz.
Lycopsis was more likely an ambush hunter than a pounce-pursuit predator, stalking small-to medium-sized prey.
Lymphangitis is sometimes considered a type of vasculitis.
Lynch is also a television actress.
Lynch was elected to his fourth two-year term on November 2, 2010.
Lynx are similar to a regular house cat, but larger.
Lyon was killed in the battle.
Lyrically outlining the horrors to come, while musically laying the groundwork for the rest of the record: fast, lean and filthy."
Lyrics in alternative country might be depressing or about social issues, and often from the heart.
Lyrics to the song discuss the night of Osborne's murder.
Maakhir is an unrecognized state of Somalia.
Mabel Butler was played by Cicely Courtneidge in series 1 and by Doris Hare in the other series.
Macaroni penguins usually live on bumpy or flat ground.
MacArthur's headquarters were also moved to Corregidor.
Macaulay Culkin at the Governor's Ball after the Emmy Awards in 1991.
Macaws, like all parrots, are unusually intelligent birds.
MacDonald, (1986) : p.98 The third and last runway was at the Stalingradskaja flight school, which had the last landings and takeoffs on the night of 22–23 January.
Macduff is shocked to see the king murdered on his bed.
Macon's skyline from the north.
Macroevolution and macroecology through deep time.
Madame Schall, and had dreams of becoming a poet, a ballet dancer, or an actor.
Madara does not like the Senju because they killed his brothers during the Warring States Period.
Made by writer Gene Coon, Klingons were introduced in the episode "Errand of Mercy" (1967).
Madison, 341. As well, Madison attacked Federalist carriage laws and bank laws as unconstitutional.
Madison still hoped for peace, but Congress wanted war so he gave in and approved a declaration of war against Britain on June 18, 1812.
Madison: University of Wisconsin Press, 1960.
Ma Dong-seok (born Lee Dong-seok; March 1, 1971), also known as Don Lee, is an American-born South Korea actor.
Maduro's government states that the crisis is a "
Maggie and the Ferocious Beast is a 2000 TV series.
Magic Curl Barbie made its debut in 1982 feauting both black and white races.
Magma may become solid by cooling slowly below the surface.
Magnetic objects will fall in a magnetic field to a place where they have less total potential energy.
Magneto is in the area and saves them.
Magnets are only attracted to special metals.
Magnus Hirschfeld makes a system that measures the strength of sexual desire of an individual.
"MAHASKA UNBEATEN", The Belleville Telescope, 12 January 1961, p.8.
Mahe (also known as Mayyazhi), is a small town in Mahe River.
Mahler felt much more secure now that he was married.
Mahmud Shah (died 1528) ruled Malacca from 1488 to 1528.
Mahogany trees, although endangered, grow very tall and are so may be cut into large sheets.
Ma Huateng (Zh, born on October 29, 1971), also known as Pony Ma, citation is a Chinese businessman, investor, politician, and philanthropist.
Maid Marian reveals she and Robin were childhood sweethearts but they have not seen one another for years.
;mainFeud: a battle between two or more wrestlers or stables, often involving matches, promos, and angles.
Majdalany, p. 194. The German defenders had heavy losses.
Maj. Davis distinguished himself by conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty.
Maj. Gen. Daniel Butterfield, Hooker's chief of staff, was assigned the task of designing a distinctive shape for each corps badge.
Majhi is Punjabi's standard dialect because it forms the standard for writing in Punjabi.
Major Authors and Illustrators for Children and Young Adults.
Major Barbara was filmed in London during the bombing by the Nazis.
Major G.M. Price laid out the town in 1837.
Major organizations are IAAPA (International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions) and WWA (World Waterpark Association).
Major politicians were chosen by political machines and were corrupt. Blum, pp.398–405 The government could do little and leaders of big businesses often had more power than the government.
Majors played the character for 112 episodes between 1965 and 1969.
Major tests were done at Maralinga in 1956 and 1957, and multiple smaller tests were made up until 1963.
Makarfi was admitted to the School of Basic Studies at Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria where he obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting.
Make Room for Daddy (aka The Danny Thomas Show).
Makinde was born to a renowned teacher turned accountant, late Pa Olatubosun Makinde and Madam Abigail Makinde of Aigbofa Compound in Oja’ba, Ibadan.
Making beads in clay is a skill which is easy to learn.
Making History: The Struggle for Gay and Lesbian Equal Rights, 1945-1990: An Oral History.
Making Hoboken better was done in the same way as in the Manhattan.
Making only rare appearances, he won (jointly) in 1997, and won again in 2010 and 2011.
Making-Out-Road left Carson to travel with her people through the west.
Makizushi means “call over happiness”.
Makoto Naegi is tasked to stop Ryota Mitarai from sending a brainwashing video(using his brainwashing technique) to the entire world which is supposed to fill them with hope.
Malawi has joined some international organizations.
Malaysia and especially Singapore are hailed as the region's postwar success stories, though order has often been kept at the expense of civil liberties, through anti-sedition laws and restrictions on press freedoms.
Malaysia won 12 gold medals in the Commonwealth Games 2010 in India, and broke their Commonwealth Games target.
Malcolm welcomed several into Scotland.
Maldonado received a full-time drive in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series with Draco Racing in 2006.
Male Kudus live widespread from the group, or in bachelor groups.
Male prostitution workers occur in some Tunisian tourist resorts.
Males and young birds also have red markings on the neck or head.
Males die within a few months of mating.
Males do get eaten in some species.
Males had a median income of $27,768 versus $20,833 for females.
Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $21,250 for females.
Males usually weigh about 70 kg (150 lb).
Males with the largest antlers are more likely to obtain mates and achieve fertilization success.
Malignant sadness: The anatomy of depression.
Malik Kafur defeated the Yadavas, Kakatiyas, Hoysalas and the Pandyas.
Maliksi was a member of the Partido Magdalo.
Malsed received annual sums of $60,000 to $70,000 per year for 17 years for her idea.
Maltese is usually used in the standardized jobs and when people talk to each other.
Mama - The grandmother (wife of the grandfather).
Mammal species of the World: a taxonomic and geographic reference.
Mamun competed at the 2014 European Championships, but only placed fifth in the all-around.
Mamun has a Bangladeshi father and a Russian mother.
;Manager: a performer assigned to accompany a wrestler to the ring and, usually, put them over in interviews.
Mana has no capped amount, the more Intellect your character has the more mana you have to play with.
Man cannot live all alone.
Manda is likely a town that is set up by people of the Indus Valley Civilisation.
Mandarin pop (Zh) is a subgenre of C-pop.
Mandrills can live up to 40 years in captivity.
Mandui is regarded as the "godfather" of archaeology in his country.
MaNgadi decides to kill lure Nyambose to kill his daughter Kayise, but he insist.
Manganese(VII) compounds are purple-black and are powerful oxidizing agents.
Manglona served as the third Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands of the Northern Mariana Islands from 1990 to 1994 and as Mayor of Rota from 1998 to 2006.
Manichaean priests, writing at their desks, with panel inscription in Uyghur.
Manichaeism was big between the third and seventh centuries.
Manorom's Pomelo (ส้มโอมโนรมย์) The most famous is the Khao Taengkwa variety with its sweet-crispy taste, large size, and is available throughout.
Man's large brain serves not only for language, but also for thinking and problem-solving.
Manson and his followers were arrested for stealing cars, but soon it was found out that they were the ones who committed the murders.
Manson was a convicted criminal long before the infamous murders.
Manson was asked to join Garbage after Marker saw the video for Angelfish's "Suffocate Me" and the band's manager found that Manson was the singer.
Man Trouble is a 1930 American crime drama movie directed by Berthold Viertel and starring Milton Sills, Dorothy Mackaill, Kenneth MacKenna, Sharon Lynn, Oscar Apfel, Roscoe Karns.
Manufacturers and stores have responded to the feasting and present-giving with lots of advertising, decorations and displays.
Manu - Manu is the newest Fairy Godmother of the Enchanted Kingdom.
Many anarchists don't even think that anarcho-capitalism counts as a real form of anarchism, as this critique of property goes back to some of the earliest people calling themselves anarchists.
Many animals could get injured and later die without help.
Many aquatic species just spread their eggs and sperm in the water at one specific time of year.
Many are intergovernmental organizations meaning that rather than having people as members, they have individual countries as members.
Many are still used in the United States for various purposes.
Many arrive with little money and so canmot buy or rent a house, even if one is available.
Many athletes are now using sports psychology as part of their everyday lives and training for games.
Many bines have rough stems or downward-pointing bristles to aid their grip.
Many birds are territorial, especially in the nesting season.
Many books give advice on how to win the game.
Many books specialise in the details of particular software.
Many British citizens moved to the colonies to make their fortune.
Many buildings and landmarks within the University are named after him, including Winthrop Hall and Hackett Hall.
Many celebrities and famous people have the name.
Many changes took place to the way the language was pronounced during this period.
Many chemicals are harmless, but there are some chemicals that are dangerous.
Many Churches have Facebook pages or web sites with a link to something like "How to find God".
Many colour theorists have said that three "pure" primary colours can mix all possible colours.
Many common methods use several of these approaches at the same time.
Many consider him the top ballhandler who ever lived.
Many countries made laws that the Jews could not work in some jobs or live in some places.
Many countries make blue cheeses.
Many critics judge blank verse to be better than rhyme for serious subjects, and many poets have used blank verse for their most important works.
Many cryptic species exist in all habitats.
Many devices today rely on the transistor over the vacuum tube.
Many did not wait, but fled their owners to claim their freedom.
Many died of cold and starvation.
Many Disney characters can be found throughout the park, greeting visitors, interacting with children, and posing for photos.
Many doctors who fix a cystocele are gynecologists.
Many do not survive to the pupal stage.
Many drugs have more than one action.
Many European and international ballet companies can trace their origins to it.
Many European countries require a booster seat until the child is either twelve years old or 59 inches tall.
Many events happen at the National Mall.
Many experts question tactical voting in that it can undermine a democratic outcome.
Many expositions and other activities are organized.
Many famous people have been named Ingrid.
Many farm houses are long and have two doors.
Many fire alarm systems also have flashing lights, also known as strobes.
Many fish swim in groups.
Many forms of mosques have developed in different regions of the Islamic world.
Many free operating systems are available.
Many frescos are probably by Giotto's students.
Many highways meet in Tokyo, including: the Chūō, Kan-Etsu, Tōhoku, and Tōmei Expressways.
Many historians called Kshetris as Khas Rajputs.
Many historians think this be the most beautiful of Presidential Tombs in the United States.
Many historic earthquakes have the name "Nankai" or "Nankaido".
Many hybrids exist, both natural and created by humans.
Many kernels are also responsible for ensuring that faulty programs do not interfere with the operation of others by denying access to memory that has not been allocated to them and restricting the amount of CPU time they can consume.
Many Koreans immigrated from the 1920s to the 1950s.
Many Koreans in Canada are well educated, and many new immigrants and their children are skilled workers such as—doctors, professors, engineers, computer technicians—or businessmen.
Many Koreans in Japan came as guest workers early in the 20th century, and in Arab countries late in the century.
Many later philosophers refer to the work.
Many liked the song's production.
Many, many people in many countries study cancer and work on finding treatments.
Many Mediterranean Cubans came during the 1820s-1880s and sometimes onward.
Many members of his party left him.
Many members of the Royal Family have been given the award, along with many other recipients, who include servants of The Queen, who have served the Monarchy for many years.
Many mice have two buttons and a scroll wheel.
Many modern designs are better than the older types.
Many modern upright freezers come with an ice dispenser built into their door.
Many mountain ranges have sub-ranges within them.
Many musical pieces for the violin have been dedicated to Oistrakh.
Many music critics did not like that album was a "pop" album.
Many neurotoxins act by affecting voltage-dependent ion channels.
Many non-communists read it too, even if they do not agree with everything in it.
Many Norwegian tourists that visit own a cottage or small house somewhere in Kragerø, often on one of the islands.
Many of Frug's poems were set to music and performed on stage.
Many of his contemporaries compared his music with that of classically trained singers, although Rushdi never had any influences from any classical singer.
Many of his designs have been built across the world.
Many of his piano pieces were harder to play than anything that had been written before.
Many of his works are based on real life, such as "Dandelion Wine," a book about growing up in small-town Illinois.
Many of Lord Archer's friends remained loyal to him.
Many of the actors became movie stars.
Many of the areas of the city are extremely flat.
Many of the band's members are from there.
Many of the buildings in disrepair are irreplaceable listed buildings such as the former ABC cinema (previously the King's Theatre) on Titchfield Street.
Many of the city's landmark structures and old neighborhoods were built during this period.
Many of the city's residents were displaced during the storm and it is still unknown how many will return or can be considered "displaced".
Many of the coelurosaurian lineages survived to the end of the Cretaceous period (about 65 Ma) and fossils of some lineages, such as the Tyrannosauroidea, are best known from the late Cretaceous.
Many of the compounds have a sweet scent, hence the term 'aromatic'.
Many of the early orgainzers never lived to see the passage of the Nineteenth Amendment some 70 years later.
Many of the lakes in Sikkim are on the western border, north of Chiwabhanjang towards the Base Camp.
Many of the lands that they annexed had never been under the empire's rule, with the newly incorporated territories resulting in the modern borders of Ethiopia.
Many of them settled in Norway.
Many of them were very educated and expert persons.
Many of the oldest harps did not have them.
Many of the paintings of this period show the scenes more pretty than they really were.
Many of the sculptures showed pocessions of figures, but each figure was different from the next, so that they all looked like real individual people.
Many of these are now lost.
Many of these caused the lengthening of the trench lines, overloading dwindling Confederate resources.
Many of these have been sent to museums around the world.
Many of these people still call themselves "hijra", but some now call themselves "transsexuals" or "transgender women".
Many of these planes were shot down by the Japanese.
Many of these soldiers later emigrated.
Many of these species have only been described in recent years.
Many of these things have not been scientifically proven to help acne.
Many of the smaller galaxies are very young galaxies.
Many of the songs were only music with no words.
Many of the things he did were illegal.
Many of the U.S. Navy BARs were still used until the 1960s.
Many of the words that we use today were created by the Saxons for example, radish.
Many of those letters sound or sounded differently in the languages they came from, but they now have the same pronunciation as other Thai sounds.
Many organs now have electric action, Thistlethwaite, Nicholas (1999) "Origins and development of the organ" in Thistlethwaite, Nicholas and Webber, Geoffrey, (eds.) The Cambridge Companion to the Organ.
Many other languages are spoken in different parts of the country as well.
Many other words are polysemic, because they have more than one meaning.
Many owners of fruit orchards think of rainbow lorikeets as a pest, as they often fly in groups and take fresh fruit from trees.
Many owners of ships from other countries register their ships in one of those easy or cheap countries.
Many Parliament members have offices inside.
Many parts of their old religion were forgotten when they became Catholic.
Many pension systems are underfunded and likely unsustainable based on independent financial analysis.
Many people are still waiting for "The People's Champ" to return.
Many people became enlightened because of him.
Many people believe that all marks or stains can be removed by dry cleaning.
Many people believe that was censorship.
Many people believe they could, because the large brain size would be hard to understand if they could not.
Many people can hear voices like this without being schizophrenic, for instance right before falling asleep.
Many people celebrate this holiday by eating crepes and tamales.
Many people consider it to be the best encyclopaedia, because they think it is accurate and has lots of detail.
Many people decorate their homes at Christmas time.
Many people did not like the marriage.
Many people do not grow their own food.
Many people do not have enough money to buy the food that they need.
Many people Franca Zava Boccazzi: Pittoni, Mondadori Electa, 1979, ISBN 884351220X Think Head of the Virgin's eyes glance is mysterious, as at the time it was not portrayed with a low gaze.
Many people have done this to get people's attention, especially the attention of leaders.
Many people have hypertensive and diabetic nephropathy together.
Many people in Carluke are commuters, with a variety of small stores and supermarkets available at the centre of the town.
Many people, including pet owners, have placed bullfrogs outside of their native area.
Many people in the GDR still feared the Ministry of State Security, which was known as the "Stasi".
Many people left, too.
Many people like Slashdot because you can share ideas.
Many people played the recorder in Europe in the 1500s and 1600s.
Many people said this was a bad thing to say because it sounded like he was making excuses for the killer.
Many people say that this park is also part of the National Mall.
Many people showed up to see him die.
Many people think of him as a hero while others consider his government to have been inefficient.
Many people think that "Escapology" was different from Williams' earlier music.
Many people thought that the greatest threat to liberty was corruption not just in London, but at home too.
Many people thought this was his worst government.
Many people thought this was impossible, a natural limit of the human body, until he did it in 1954.
Many people were happy with this game, although there were a few, small problems.
Many people with Chlamydia show no symptoms of infection.
Many people with synesthesia use their experiences to help them be more creative, for example, in making drawings and music.
Many plant and animal species went extinct.
Many players blow harder like "normal" recorder playing (like with a pea whistle), to get a very shrill and loud sound.
Many popular football teams are based in Damascus, Aleppo, Homs, and Latakia.
Many products are made from plant sap.
Many products were made in London including ships, electronics and cars.
Many professional companies do as well.
Many Protestant churches who take a position in this matter, usually accept the filioque.
Many public health experts are alarmed by the spread of tough strains of MRSA.
Many recordings become works of art in themselves.
Many records were lost.
Many regional flights are operated Lufthansa Regional with Lufthansa CityLine, Eurowings and Air Dolomiti.
Many Republicans split their votes between Taft and Roosevelt, and the Democratic opponent Woodrow Wilson won the election.
Many residents of the tower were Muslims.
Many rich and famous people were invited to their private concerts.
Many riders said Hercules was a very rough ride (especially the sharp turn at the bottom of the main drop).
Many sex slaves in Europe are forced to work as prostitutes.
Many small businesses have also been displaced.
Many small towns and cities joined together to create a small number of larger cities.
Many societies have tried to force right-handedness onto left-handed children ("forced laterality").
Many songs become more popular as cover versions than in their original recordings.
Many steps can be traced back to the Maxixe danced in 1910s.
Many stores take part. citation Often, radio stations and live music are played during this event.
Many students are currently involved in these exchange programs.
Many students study at the University of Bedfordshire, which is based in Bedford and Luton.
Many things are said in anger which can't be taken back and the family seems as divided as ever.
Many things can be added to fudge, like fruits, nuts, chocolate, and caramel.
Many things in Pompeii are very well preserved.
Many thought they were lovers at this time, but there is no proof.
Many thousands of young women went to work in factories.
Many times people and technology are transferred between the two countries.
Many times the window has small pictures of the available ice creams with their prices.
Many tourists visit the D-Day invasion beaches, including Utah Beach in the Cotentin.
Many towns were swept away to the ocean due to the floods.
Many trappers had native wives and lived outside Fort Vancouver.
Many universities offer forestry courses.
Many unskilled physicians attempted dissections in secret, but with no real, scientific discoveries occurring.
Many verbs can take objects or complements, but nouns cannot.
Many versions have been released since then.
Many victims are told that their families will be harmed if they report the slave owners.
Many villagers were angry that she had been accused of witchcraft.
Many walks of Lübeck took place in the hunt of Knock who ordered Hutter in the Yard of Füchting to meet the earl.
Many well-known beaches within the Sunshine Coast region are located at Noosa Heads, Alexandra Headland, Mooloolaba (the spit), Coolum, Maroochydore and Kings Beach in Caloundra.
Many who enjoy the drive say that it is one of the most scenic drives in Alaska.
Many writers and artists lived there.
Many years later, she began to take control of the body.
Maple Ridge was created on September 12, 1874.
Map of British India, of 1909, showing the different religions: Hindus are shown in red, Muslims are shown in green.
Map of countries who took part in the 1988 Olympics (in green).
Map of Ingria/Leningrad Oblast claimed by the advocacy group of Free Ingria, which also likely comprises another federal subject, Saint Petersburg.
Map of Japanese provinces (1868) with Izumi Province highlighted.
Map of the CMB fluctuations found by COBE.
Map of the watershed of the Kentucky River, showing the North Fork, Middle Fork, and South Fork tributaries.
Map "Position of the American and British Armies near New Orleans on the 8th of January, 1815".
Marado belongs to the administrative boundaries of Gapa-ri, Daejeong-eup, Seogwipo City, Jeju Island.
Marais' music is heard a lot, including his longer work Sonnerie de Ste-Geneviève du Mont-de-Paris (1723).
Maravich's father, Press Maravich, also played in the NBA.
March Revolution: In Berlin there is a struggle between citizens and military, costing about 300 lives.
Marcia lived with her stepfamily for two years and moved back to Hollywood.
Marco Antonio Juan Andrés Cariola Barroilhet (2 November 1932 6 September 2020) was a Chilean lawyer, farmer and politician.
Marcus only accompanied the group as far as Brundisium, where they boarded a ship for the east.
Marc Ziegler, goalkeeper of FC Tirol, was 1085 minutes without goal.
Marfa is already engaged to be married to Lykov, a boyar.
Margaret L. "Peg" Murray (February 14, 1924 – November 29, 2020) was an American actress.
Margaret was taken prisoner by the Yorkists after the Lancastrian defeat at Tewkesbury.
Margaret was the second daughter of René, King of Naples and of Isabella, Duchess of Lorraine.
Marge asks the hypnotist to make Homer show more affection to her.
Margot Bennett (born Muriel Eisenberg, February 19, 1935) is an American publicist and actress.
Marguerite enters, pondering her encounter with Faust at the city gates, and sings a melancholy ballad about the King of Thulé (Il était un roi de Thulé).
Maria Francisca again becaf Portugal for the second time when Peter succeeded his brother as Peter II in 1683.
Maria Francisca of Savoy (Marie Françoise Élisabeth; 21 June 1646 – 27 December 1683) was a Princess of Savoy and the Queen consort of Portugal twice as the wife of Afonso VI and his brother Peter II.
"Maria Tallchief, a Dazzling Ballerina and Muse for Balanchine, Dies at 88." New York Times Apr 13 2013, Late Edition (East Coast) ed. ProQuest.
Maria Teresa quickly wrote a letter explaining what had happened to Charles III of Spain a month after Josepha died.
Maria Tsien (February 4, 1925 – November 2, 2020), also known as Marie Tsien McClay, was a Filipina-American actress and philanthropist.
Mariella Rappold is member of the National football team.
Marines also had flamethrowers on tanks which were used during battle.
Marinetti expressed a passionate loathing of everything old, especially political and artistic tradition.
Mario has to pull them off to add them to his album of stickers.
Mario Prada did not believe that women should have a role in business and prevented any female family members from joining his company.
Maritime flags indicate this with two square red flags.
Marjorie Jackson-Nelson (born 13 September 1931) is an Australian politician and Olympic athlete.
Mark Allen Mothersbaugh (born May 18, 1950) is an American singer-songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, music programmer, author and visual artist.
Marketing, Tim McGraw-Hill In most cases it is international company level (company have offices in different countries) market identification and targeting.
Mark Gordon (born October 10, 1956) is an American television and film producer, and a former President of the Producers Guild of America.
Markice Moore, also known as Kesan, (born July 31, 1986) is an American actor, rapper and Reality TV star.
Mark II's last album was "Who Do We Think We Are" in 1973, and it featured another hit song for the band, "Woman from Tokyo".
Mark is missing FLARG in space, so Timmy wishes he could celebrate a real FLARG on Earth.
Mark Pennington, Essential Study Skills (El Dorado Hills, CA: Pennington Publishing, 2009), p. 28 Scanning involves moving your finger down the page as you read.
Marley continued calling his band Bob Marley and the Wailers and joined together with new members to continue playing music.
Marley continues to give John new material for his column by causing havoc on the house and readers loved it.
Marmande is surrounded by the communes Beaupuy, Mauvezin-sur-Gupie, Escassefort, Virazeil, Saint-Pardoux-du-Breuil, Fourques-sur-Garonne, Montpouillan, Gaujac and Sainte-Bazeille.
Márquez and his family traveled by bus to Mexico.
Marshall's father died from a heart attack.
Marshal of the Royal Air Force the Viscount Trenchard.
Martel served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1998 to 2002 and from 2012 until his death and served in the New Hampshire State Senate from 2002 to 2006.
"Martial" is a word that is often used instead of military.
Martial Lavaud Célestin (October 4, 1913 – February 4, 2011) was the first Prime Minister of Haïti.
Martin Cash died on August 27, 1877.
Martin Dominque argues that world leaders may not have wanted to send troops to Africa because they had the wrong ideas about what African people are like.
Martin Folly; Niall Palmer, Historical Dictionary of U.S. Diplomacy from World War I through World War II (Lanham, MD: Scarecrow Press, 2010), p. 34 They turned to the United States as a trading partner.
Martin "Marty" Markowitz (born February 14, 1945) is an American politician.
Martin O'Malley (born January 18, 1963) is an American politician.
Martin Playfield appears as a young Hagrid in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Martin was baptized in Olney, Buckinghamshire, England on 30 September 1621.
Marudanadi dam is very nearer to this village and through which around convert of lands gets irrigated.
Marussia is led by former racing driver Nikolay Fomenko.
Marvin's performance consisted of him playing piano while speaking on the illustrious history of black music before singing "What's Going On" to a receptive audience.
Marv Wolfman wrote it and George Pérez drew it.
Mary and the other Special Education students spent days practicing.
Mary Anna Custis Lee with her son, Robert E. Lee, Jr., in 1845.
Mary-Ann Gallagher; Nick Inman, DK Eyewitness Travel Guide: Barcelona & Catalonia (London; New York: DK, 2013), p. 126 It was the first of three monasteries that made up the "Cistercian triangle".
Mary Cynthia Walsh main citation (born May 13, 1952) is a Canadian actress, comedian, and writer.
Mary Ellen Hynes; Peter Mazar, Companion to the Calendar (Chicago, IL: Liturgy Training Publications, 1993), p. vii The Byzantine calendar does.
Mary holds the baby Jesus in her arms.
Mary Howitt was the first to translate "Tommelise" into English.
Maryland found itself trapped by the war.
Masaccio's brother was nicknamed Lo Scheggia which means The Splinter, so it is thought that he was a skinny as Masaccio was fat.
Mascara comes in three forms: liquid, cake, and cream.
Maslow’s hierarchy is hard to prove scientifically.
Massacre is about the slaughter of Protestants on Saint Bartholomew's Day in Paris in 1572.
Master pages may include both grid elements and template elements such as header and footer elements, automatic page numbering, and automatic table of contents features.
Masturbating may be done alone, but can also be done with another person.
Matches were worth $50 in the first round and $100 in the second.
Matches where also be played on Tuesdays or Wednesdays instead of the normal Thursdays due to scheduling conflicts.
Match winners are shown in bold.
• Material: changes in the balance of material are critical.
Materials with low heat capacities require very little heat to be stored up before a large change.
Mater is Mother in Latin.
Maternity care is given to pregnant women to take care of their children.
Mathematician James Lighthill wrote a report on AI saying that "in no part of the field have discoveries made so far produced the major impact that was then promised".
Mathematicians do not agree on what makes a polyhedron.
Mathematicians use the letter r for the length of a circle's radius.
Mathews first served as Tennessee State Treasurer from 1975 to 1987.
Matilda and Miss Honey have a happy ending.
Mating is the pairing of opposite-
Mating ritual evolved because it is advantageous for females to have choice of partners.
Matlin appears on Switched at Birth.
Matthew's Gospel shows that Jesus' father was the direct descendant of King David.
Matthews once stated that Obama gave him a "thrill up his leg."
Matthew was a weak tropical storm.
Mattis is a lifelong bachelor who has never been married and has no children.
Maury (their agent) into booking the Palace Hotel Ballroom with 5,000 seats.
Mawson was a key expedition leader during the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration.
Max attempts to stop him and reveals that he witnessed his father kill his mother in the same fashion.
Max (born 1985) and a daughter, Hannah.
Maxi became famous in 2008 with the series Física o química.
Maxim's Cakes are a common sight in MTR Shops.
Maxine Moore Waters (born August 15, 1938) is an American politician.
Maxis founder Will Wright likens them as "digital dollhouses."
Max mourns Freak for weeks and won't stop.
Max played for the world championship in 1948, in the match-tournament which decided the successor to Alekhine.
Max used to work for the king of Florin but was fired by Humperdinck, and at first says he cannot help but agrees because he does not like Humperdinck.
May 1855 replaced their Lieutenant-Governors with Governors.
May be short-term (e.g., after 1.e4 Nf6, Black attacks White's pawn on e4), or long-term.
May described herself as a candidate who will unify the party after a 'divisive' referendum (
Mayflower Families through Five Generations: Descendants of the Pilgrims who landed at Plymouth, Mass. December 1620.
May God forgive me for ever having put on another," Johnson (1915) but this may be apocryphal.
Maynard Solomon started Vanguard Records with his brother Seymour Solomon, in 1950.
Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research, 09 Feb. 2012.
M’baku reveals that T’challa survived the fight without having surrendered and that he rescued an injured T’challa to repay him for having spared his life.
Mbeki married his wife Zanele Dlamini at Farnham Castle in the United Kingdom citation in 1974.
McCain studied at Central High School.
McCarthy & Syron (2002), pp. 219–220 In September, new troops were sent to the Siegfried Line.
McCartney loved to spend time with Linda's daughter Heather, and the three of them seemed to make a family.
McClane gets out there first and punches him before Stuart's men show up.
McClane leaves Karl for dead and rushes up to the top of the building.
McClellan began training McDowell's raw troops.
McCoy as he appears in Star Trek.
McCoy has won almost every big race there is.
McDonnell Douglas does not have airstairs at the back of the plane.
McDowell was ordered to sent 20,000 of his 40,000 troops to support Banks at Winchester.
McHale played FBI Agent Robert Herndon in The Informant!
McKee was released on 4 September 1974 and resumed his position as OC of the Belfast Brigade.
McKee was the 69th Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island from 2015 until 2021.
McLean played for the Omaha Knights and Fort Worth Rangers.
McMahon eventually agreed to do this.
McMaster University and Mohawk College have produced national championship teams in a number of sports.
McMaster University is a perennial powerhouse in Men's Basketball and Football.
McNeil, p. 357. Robinson became the first player since the 1880s to openly break the major league baseball color line. citation Black fans began coming to see the Dodgers when they came to town, ignoring their Negro league teams.
McSpadden's songs include "Jesus Lord To Me", "Hallelujah Praise The Lamb", and "No Other Name But Jesus".
Meade continued his march on Jackson's position.
Meaning, head, neck and leg injury risk were extremely high.
Meaning that this was the end of Israel"
Meaning, the name Ivan will not be used for another storm in the Atlantic Ocean.
Meaning there is a 100% chance that eventually, the word "Wi" will appear.
" means "equal from the time the process starts to the time it ends."
Meanwhile, Austrian President Wilhelm Miklas refused to appoint Seyss-Inquart as chancellor and asked other Austrian politicians instead.
Meanwhile, her campaign team stated that they were ready to hold "long-term protests" against the official results.
Meanwhile, Ichiro Mizuki has also act the tokusatsu TV series such as Jikuu Senshi Spielvan, Voicelugger and also the voice actor for anime such as Koraru no Tanken and Dangaioh (OVA).
Meanwhile, Jack Godell discovers that the welds on the main pump are not safe, and takes over the plant by force, locks himself in the control room, and demands to be interviewed on television.
Meanwhile, the Kennedy government had become very worried.
Meanwhile, the kingdom El Cid had worked so hard to build was falling apart from Muslim revolts.
Meanwhile, the people of a village prepare to flee to Mount Tartarus to escape from Hyperion's soldiers.
Meanwhile, the sheep chant has been changed to "Four legs good, two legs better."
Meanwhile, The Wild Ones was reunited in 1981 and is still active to this day.
Meanwhile, when someone makes an EX Pokémon faint, he or she gets two prize cards.
Median is the middle.
Medical social workers strive to preserve the patient's right to make his or her own decisions about goals of care, treatment planning, discharge, etc. as long as the patient is capable of making those decisions him/herself.
MEDICC Review: International Journal of Cuban Health and Medicine 13 (3).
Medieval foreign policy was also shaped by relations with the Flemish cloth business.
Medievalist Roger Sherman Loomis suggests a derivation from the epithet Gwallt Avwyn, found in the list of heroes in Culhwch and Olwen, which he translates as "hair like reins" or "bright hair".
Medieval sources talk of her mainly as a goddess of chastity.
Medieval Women and the Law, ed. Noël James Menuge (Woodbridge: The Boydell Press, 2003), p. 32 If a husband was arranged for her she did not want, the Church did not allow the marriage to proceed sine voluntate mulieris (without the will of the woman).
Medium-level cumulus does not have alto added to its name.
Medullated fibers share nearly identical characteristics to hair and are long but lack crimp and elasticity.
Meehan also co-wrote the book for ' and '.
Meenakshi Amman Temple, Ayiram Kal Mandabam (Hall of Thousand Pillars) are some of the important tourist places in Madurai.
Meerkats can have one to seven babies at one time.
Meeting in February 1825, Adams won by a single vote.
Meetings can be also on formal times, where businessmen come together to discuss.
Meet the frog that can sit on a thumbnail.
Meg's greatest faults are her anger, impatience, and lack of self-confidence, but she channels and overcomes them, ultimately emerging victorious.
Megumi is one of Kiyo's friends.
Mehmet Doğan Cüceloğlu (9 February 1938 – 16 February 2021) was a Turkish academic in Media psychology and writer.
Melina lost to Candice in several tag team matches, as well as in non-title bouts over the next few weeks.
Melissa gives birth to ten black, white and yellow ducklings of her own.
Melling is a Great Britain international.
Member countries may use the information.
Member countries of ASEAN work with and help other countries in ASEAN.
Member Meryl Friedman won the 1999 Distinguished Play Award in the Elementary Category from the American Alliance of Theatre and Education for her adaptation of Journey of the Sparrows, produced at Lifeline in 1996.
Members may also request photos of graves which Find A Grave volunteers can add.
Members of Al Fatiha at the LGBT Pride parade in San Francisco 2008.
Members of that group read the books about witches by Margaret Murray and Charles Leland, which gave them the idea to create a witch coven.
Members of the House of Representatives are chosen by secret ballot, while members of the House of Peoples are chosen by each Cantonal legislature.
Members of this class are commonly found in relatively cold waters, close to the shoreline.
Members of this "council" were satellite states, which where formally independent, but always controlled into the right direction by the Soviet Union with military, if they considered it as necessary.
Members would also cut themselves onstage.
Memes can be about anything.
Memoirs of the American Philosophical Society.
Memoirs of the Peabody Museum.
Memorial University of Newfoundland (MUN) has two campuses in St. John's and College of the North Atlantic (CNA) also has two (and a third in Seal Cove, within the St. John's Metropolitan Area).
Men and women can earn the GM-title by meeting the demands.
Men and women do this.
Men are supposed to be the dominant figures in society.
Mencius asked: what kinds of things do people do that keep families and communities working well, what kinds of things do they do that harm families and communities, and why do they do these thing?
Men dressed like ashigaru soldiers in a local parade.
Menefee was a sports anchor for KTVT-TV, WNYW-TV, and WTLV-TV.
Men from states that had alliances with the Aztecs also fought in the Aztec military.
Mengelberg worked hard to get good discipline in his orchestra.
Men have done administrative work for many centuries.
Menindee Lakes, in New South Wales, viewed from convert, 2009.
Meningitis is a life-threatening condition.
Mentaiko is usually pink to dark red.
Mental symptoms include difficulty making decisions or concentrating.
Menzel went to New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
Mephisto is a 1981 Hungarian German Austrian drama movie directed by István Szabó and was based on the novel of the same name by Klaus Mann.
Mera was ranked 81st in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Merced is located in California's 12th State Senate district.
Mercier was a small business that was part of the Owners' Union.
Merckx set the hour record in 25 October 1972.
Mercury is a rare metal.
Merope tricks a handsome and rich young non-wizard named Tom Riddle into falling in love with her via Amortentia, or the Love Potion.
Mesa Power said the project must wait because it did not have transmission capacity to the site and poor credit market.
Mesopotamia is made up of different regions.
Messiaen started to compose when he was seven years old.
Messiah is different.
Messier 81 was discovered by Johann Elert Bode in 1774. citation The galaxy is sometimes called "Bode's Galaxy".
Messier was limited by the objects he could see from France, so the list is incomplete by today's standards.
Messner was a contestant in the second season of The Surreal Life.
Mestre Bimba from Salvador, a strong fighter in both legal and illegal fights, thought capoeira was losing its martial roots due to the use of its playful side to entertain tourists.
Metal 1 expands more with higher temperature than Metal 2. Connecti them together and heating forces the bimetal to bend.
Metal is mainly used for buildings, Ships, Defenses.
Metal pens were tried next, but many metals were not flexible enough.
Metaphilosophy investigates the aims, boundaries, and methods of philosophy.
Methods vary in different places.
Metro is opened to the public.
Metternich kept peace in Europe for a long time.
Mexico experienced an era of huge economic growth after World War II, a heavy industrialization process and a growth of its middle class, a period known in Mexican history as the "El Milagro Mexicano" (Mexican miracle).
Meyer is known writing and directing on a series of successful low-budget sexploitation movies that featured campy humor, sly satire and large-breasted women such as in Faster, Pussycat!
Meyer was buried at Stockton Rural Cemetery in Stockton, California.
Michael Bay began working at Propaganda Films, directing commercials and music videos, two weeks after finishing his post-graduate degree.
Michael Clifford proposed to his girlfriend Crystal Leigh and she is now his fiance.
Michael Collins' funeral in the Pro-Cathedral in Dublin (contemporary newspaper depiction of the state funeral).
Michael E. Haynes (May 9, 1927 – September 12, 2019) was an American minister and politician.
Michael Everett Capuano (main; born January 9, 1952) is an American politician.
Michael Francis Easley (born March 23, 1950) is an American lawyer and politician.
Michael is married to Gloria.
Michael James Ryan (June 18, 1976 September 29, 2019), known professionally as busbee, was an American songwriter, citation record producer, publisher, record label executive and multi-instrumentalist.
Michael killing the dragon with his lance, and St Bartholomew, the patron of church and town.
Michael Leach, Badger (New York: Rosen Publishing Group, Inc., 2009), p. 5 A female is called a sow.
Michael "Mike" Kellogg (born September 27, 1941) is a senior announcer with Moody Radio and host for Music Through the Night.
Michael P. Botticelli (born January 2, 1958) is an American public official.
Michael Skupin returned in the Philippines season, where he tied for 2nd.
Michael Steen, The Lives and Times of the Great Composers, préface.
Michael Swanwick published a book-length interview with Dozois in 2001.
Michael Wilshaw is the head.
Michelangelo On and Off the Sistine Ceiling.
Michelle is well-known to say sassy slogans like "Aw nuts", "You got it dude" and "You're in big trouble, mister".
Michelle Jacques Gabriel, is a designer, painter, architect and architect of the 17th and 18th centuries.
Michelle Simon 2011 Food Safety News.
Michigan Document Services was involved in creating packages of study material for the students of the University.
Michio Shimizu (清水道夫, Shimizu Michio, born August 17, 1945) is a Japanese singer and rhythm guitarist for the Village Singers.
Mick Foley, who had wrestled for WCW in the early 1990s as Cactus Jack, won the WWF Title as Mankind on Raw.
Micro blogs are in use in many ways on different websites.
Microgaming became one of the internet casino industry's largest providers of online gambling software early on.
Micropolitan Statistical Area and home of The Acadian Museum.
Microscopically, the particles or pieces of the liquid flow in a straight line along the direction of the pipe and do not mix with other layers of fluid.
Microsoft Office 2010 is a previous version of Microsoft Office, now replaced by Microsoft Office 2016.
Microsoft officially unveiled the new operating system is Windows Phone 7 Series, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February 15, 2010, and revealed additional MIX 2010.
Microsoft reach ended for update service for Windows Phone 8, Microsoft has no security update for Windows Phone 8, leaked everything has ended services, Microsoft reach upgrade Windows Phone 8 to the successor is Windows Phone 8.1.
Microsoft's hardware requirements stipulate that every device running Windows Phone 7 must have a dedicated Search button on the front of the device that performs different actions.
Microsoft Store provides developer (people who write programs) tools for tracking apps in the store.
Microsoft submitted several other features of IE for consideration by the W3C for standardization.
Midorikawa wrote another part of the story in 2011.
Midshipmen are required to adhere to the Academy's Honor Concept.
Midsummer is celebrated with a huge bonfire in the evening of June 23. Most Danes have a three-week summer holiday in July or August.
Midway through extra time, England were awarded another penalty, and Lineker again scored from the spot.
Might satisfy his mind Saxe, John Godfrey.
Mignolet began his career at Sint-Truiden in 2004.
Migrants are more social, travelling in small flocks and feeding in loose groups in the wintering grounds.
Mike Burke, American baseball player (b.
Mike D'Alonzo of G4 called it "the best wrestling game ever made."
Mike Seeger recorded her and the songs were later published as "Folksongs and Instrumentals with Guitar", which was released on Folkways Records.
Mike Shinoda described the album as "risky".
Mikey Leung; Belinda Meggitt, Bangladesh (Chalfont St. Peter: Bradt Travel Guides, 2012), p. 190 This is according to a tablet inscription found in Amber Khana, Sylhet.
Mikey Way joined My Chemical Romance in 2001.
Mikita is the highest-ranked European-born player, though he was raised in Canada from a young age.
Milad tower is the biggest tower of the city of Tehran.
Milan won 4–0 on aggregate.
Milat went to court, and people in court said that he did kill all of these people.
Mild winters and hot summers are typical of the Vipava Valley.
Mile Budak, politician and minister of the NDH - also a Croatian writer- immediately took the opportunity to proclaim the Muslims as "Brothers" and wanted to force them to convert to Christianity.
Mile Race seven years in a row.
Miles had one of the shortest performances ever nominated (clocking in under four minutes of screen-time).
Miles wired back saying he was ready for them.
Miley is famous for saying some phrases, such as "Ya think?
Milhouse is extremely insecure.
Milhouse tries to make the monster calm down, but it throws him around.
Military&Civil Sports Society operated in Radymno since 1934.
Military Psychiatry, A protoype of social and preventative psychiatry in the United States.
Milk forms an important part of a person's daily balanced diet.
"Milking" a snake so antivenom can be made.
Miller composed the songs "Annie's Cousin Fannie", Simon (1980), p. 9. "Annie's Cousin Fanny" was recorded for Decca and Brunswick, a total of three times.
Miller, John F. "Roman Festivals," in The Oxford Encyclopedia of Ancient Greece and Rome (Oxford University Press, 2010), p. 172. A common custom was the election of a "King of the Saturnalia".
Millions of species of plants and animals live in the world's tropical forests.
Milton Bradley has produced editions to symbolize the decades of popular culture in America.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, was ranked as the 2nd best city in America, after Boston.
Minamoto no Yukiie and his army found Taira no Tomomori's army across the river.
Mind in society: the development of higher psychological processes.
Minear, P.S. "The Wounded Beast," Journal of Biblical Literature 72.2 (1953), 93–101.
Minehead is famous for being the location of Butlin's Minehead, a popular holiday camp owned by Butlin's.
Minh Mạng is reported to have 142 children from 43 wives.
Miniature horses can also live and work for about 30 years, much longer than a service dog.
Minneapolis was literally beyond belief."
Minnie is similar to her kitchen and sewing things.
Minu wants to be famous for being a sculpter.
Miranda thinks that Klein and Utterson have access to cloning technology and that Tom is Jekyll's clone.
Mirbozorg is founder of the Marashiyans.
Miriam Harris Goldberg (May 18, 1916 – January 8, 2017) citation was an American newspaper publisher.
Miriam Jacqueline Stevenson (born July 4, 1933) is an American television host and beauty queen.
Mirror-artist and sculptor, Andrew Logan, bought the village squash courts and converted the building into The Andrew Logan Museum of Sculpture.
Mirza defeated Anna-Lena Gronefeld in the first round of the 2009 Wimbledon Championships.
Misirlou is a song known around the world with Eastern Mediterranean origins.
Mission members keeping an eye on the Mars Spirit rover reported that on March 12, 2005, a lucky encounter with a dust devil had cleaned the solar panels of that robot.
Miss Marple is an old English lady, and she talks to everyone.
"Mitchell Olson, 23, a South Dakotan now living in Union City, N.J., is among the 16 contestants in the Australian edition of CBS' "Survivor" game."
Mitchell was recognized as a MacArthur Fellow.
Mitch is secretly in love with Lucy.
Mithril is very rare and precious.
Mitochondrial DNA sequence variation among the subspecies of sarus crane (Grus antigone) (PDF).
Mitochondrial genomics and the new insect order Mantophasmatodea.
Mixing all three gives very dark grey.
Miyaki is the name of the town and the town's district.
M. Kashiwagi (1998), "An all solution algorithm using affine arithmetic".
M. Kramp, Disciplining Love (2007) p. 48 He is a guide for Catherine, and comes to love her for her honesty.
MOA currently estimates costs of $1.9 billion for the expansion, doubling the mall's size with a 5.2 million-square-foot extension.
Moapa Valley was formed by the Muddy River, which flows through it.
MOAP(L) is also not an open development platform.
Mobbing is like a "virus" or a "cancer" that spreads via gossip, rumour and innuendo.
Möckel is a German last name.
Moderate consumption of milk or other dairy products—one to two servings a day—is fine, and likely has some benefits for children.
Moderately conducive conditions were unable to aid Krosa in strengthening, and it stayed the same intensity before landfall in Japan.
Moderation of content in Wikipedia as 'essentially contested' bureaucratic rules."
Modern art was introduced to the United States in 1913 and through European artists who moved to the U.S. during World War I. It was only after World War II, however, that the U.S. became the focal point of new artistic movements.
Modern historians also try to be careful when judging Richard III.
Modern Islamic Political Thought by Hamid Enayat.
Modern mixed martial arts (MMA) has its roots in two kinds of competition: the Vale Tudo (
Modern performances therefore often go back to what Mussorgsky originally wrote.
Mode, where 4 players can play to get the most stars and coins in 30 seconds, taken from 4 levels and there's three different colored Yoshis (red, blue, and yellow) the one with the card is Green Yoshi and other characters can get wings to fly.
Modi did not contest the 2005 and 2010 Bihar Assembly elections to be able to campaign for BJP.
Modules are like building blocks that when installed make new features available.
Moeran’s music is influenced by folk song.
Mofford was the first female Secretary of State of Arizona serving from 1977 to 1988.
Mofor is the CEO of Don Morphy.
Moggridge was the author of Designing Interactions, published in October 2006.
Mohana's parents and Baisakhi conspire against Amlaki and get her deported from the household to a remote location.
Mohana then takes her to her maternal home of the GuhaThakurtas where in addition to Chandana's parents, her uncle and aunt and their two kids (Mohana and Nilay) reside along with Nilay's wife Baisakhi who is a shrewd manipulator.
Mohan attempts to rape her, but she brutally beats him up before escaping.
Mohlalisi was ordained as a priest on July 14, 1963.
Mois's doppelganger and future daughter is Asami.
Moisture, grease or dust can also affect its operation.
Moisture (small amount of water) is added to the air you breath by special cells in the walls of the nasal cavity.
Moju Chowdhury Hat is itself municipality and a tourist destination.
Mokka, which is also offered in the U.S. as Buick Encore.
Molar tooth diversity, disparity, and ecology in Cenozoic ungulate radiations.
Molding a thin layer of carbon fibers significantly improves fire resistance of polymers or thermoset composites.
Molecular phylogeny and biogeographic history of the piculets (Piciformes: Picumninae).
Molecular symmetry can be studied several different ways.
Moles measure the number of particles, not the mass.
Moline had water power, coal and cheaper transportation than in Grand Detour.
Mombasa is a centre of coastal tourism in Kenya.
Mona Lisa's eyes look out at the viewer.
Mondale was married to Keith Van Horne from 1988 until they divorced in 1989.
Money cannot be changed into gold by the RBI.
Money for the group comes from donations.
Monkey Park (สวนลิง) The temple houses rubber plantations and is home to a number of monkeys.
Monks to teach Japanese people how to read Chinese.
Monopoly may be used as a teaching tool to teach children a variety of lessons while having fun.
Monsier de la Lance founded the modern town of Les Cayes in 1726.
Monsoons happen because of a simple fact: land heats up faster than water.
Monsoons normally come around July - August.
Monte Cristi is in the northwestern end of the Cibao Valley, near the Montecristi Bay.
Monterey County was the first place where that was done.
Monteverdi started to reorganize the music there: he bought new music for the library and got some new musicians.
Monthly average maximum temperatures at sea-level vary only between about 27 °C and 31 °C.
Monthly plans became available for rates as low as US$30 or US$40 a month.
Months later, Catherine and Arthur became ill, possibly from a sickness which was sweeping the area at the time.
Moon had said previously said that their band would go over "like a lead zeppelin," and the name "Led Zeppelin" stuck.
Moon Over Manifest won the 2011 Newbery Medal.
Moore competed in the 1953 World Championship in San Francisco, but did not place, losing in his last match to Crane, 150-56 in 7 innings.
Moore was providing money for the match.
Morauta was a member of the People's Democratic Movement.
More Alger books were sold per year after his death than were sold during the writer's lifetime.
More Beatles songs (and ideas based on their song lyrics) would be featured in the movie.
More beats can be gotten by doing combos while grabbing bananas.
More commonly found working in Cruiser weight or extreme style matches.
More compact models, however, have been developed, such as the Compact Light Source.
More Germans were able to come to the island to help defeat the Georgians.
More hairless cats were found in Texas, Arkansas, and Minnesota.
More land was given in 924 and 933.
More modern computers can be seen.
More-modern keypad locks require the user to press one or two other buttons indicated by LEDs after the combination is entered.
More Monsters and Sprites was released on June 7, 2011.
Moreover, her exhibitions were held around the world.
Moreover, “Koi dance,” the dance of this song, became very popular, especially among teenagers.
Moreover, most pieces of the background music used in the scenes are the popular songs of the 1990s.
Moreover, some people are easily affected by the rule but others are not. citation Thirdly, according to Ariely and Carmon, how we feel at the moment of evaluation also affects the outcome.
More people live near Mount Vesuvius than any other volcano in the world.
More powerful accelerators are built by using large radius paths and by using more numerous and more powerful microwave cavities to accelerate the particle beam between corners.
More recent movies include The Astronaut Farmer and the comedy, Mr. Woodcock.
More recent research has shown though, that they may change partners.
More specific definitions of a heavy metal have been proposed but none is widely used.
More than 30% of the carbon dioxide in the air goes into the oceans.
More than 34 thousand people work for the company.
More than 40 collectors from the UK flew out for the event and 20 paintings were sold on the opening night.
More than 43,000 Native American living, hunting and tool making sites have been catalogued by the State Archeologist.
More than 750 of the world's top riders took part in the four mountain bike sports of Cross Country, Downhill, Four Cross and Observed Trials.
More than 770 species of bird and 5,400 species of plants are known to occur throughout the kingdom.
More than 800 operas have a libretto by Metastasio.
More than a third of the Ya̧nomamö males, on average, died from warfare.
More than half of Oklahomans (58%) live in the two cities.
More than half of the people working at the EPA are scientists, engineers, or environmental protection specialists.
More than that, I will not say."
"More" was popular on Christian radios; it stayed at the number-one position on radio charts for nine weeks in a row.
Morison (p. 24) speculates that Fitch should have tried to inform Fletcher of his status via an aircraft-delivered message.
Morocco deported hundreds of the illegal migrants.
Morrell, pp. 66–68 These words are very similar to those used by the British explorer James Weddell to describe his own experiences in the same area, a month earlier.
Morris wrote and published poetry, fiction, and translations of ancient and medieval texts throughout his life, among others Story of Sigurd the Volsung and the Fall of the Niblungs (1876).
Mortars are made in different sizes, from large and heavy mortars to infantry mortars which can be carried by just one soldier.
Mortars can be very helpful if they are used in hidden places.
Moscovium does not exist in nature.
Moscow City Government.
Moses broke the first two stone tablets of the Ten Commandments in anger.
Moses grew up a privileged member of the court.
Moses was born of the Levi tribe.
MOSFET stands for metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor.
Mosques or the community usually provide meals at times through the night.
Moss checked herself into a psychiatric centre in 1998, claiming she was suffering from "exhaustion."
Most agave syrup comes from Mexico and South Africa.
Most alloys are shiny like pure metals are.
Most are cab-over-engine models (COE).
Most are now either renovated or scrapped.
Most atoms have a neutral charge; because the number of protons (positive) and electrons (negative) are the same, the charges balance out to zero.
Most attractions are located on the Strip, otherwise known as the Wisconsin Dells Parkway.
Most Beatles albums only had one or two Harrison songs.
Most board games use pieces that may be moved, placed, or traded depending on the rules of the game.
Most bumblebees live in small groups, which generally last only for a year.
Most cars in the U.S. can run on fuels that have of up to 10% ethanol in them.
Most cases of sleepwalking are temporary, they occur once, or only a few times.
Most casualties in an explosion are caused by secondary blast injuries.
Most chemists determine equilibrium constants in a solution with a high ionic strength.
Most Christians' opinions about alcohol depend on how they understand what the Bible says about it.
Most commercially caught blue sharks are considered bycatch.
Most computer programs are of this type.
Most countries around the world celebrate national anniversaries.
Most countries have similar types of business entity.
Most deaths were caused by Hurricane David.
Most elders support themselves with jobs outside the religion.
Most electronic keyboards and organs these days have buttons which can set notes to transpose automatically.
Most EULAs are written by the specific software developer and are not shared like other software licences.
Most fabrics are woven for strength and smoothness: they need carding to straighten the fibers, spinning to turn fibers into long threads and weaving to make fabric.
Most Finns work either in services (that is: shops, banks, offices or businesses) or in factories.
Most fish fertilize their eggs externally.
Most games need equipment, but not always.
Most government offices are established by region instead of individual provincial offices, usually (but not always) in the city that is the regional center.
Most haenyo divers are women.
Most hearing loss can both be prevented or managed if the proper precautions are taken.
Most horses that are used for racing are ridden by professional riders called jockeys.
Most hummingbirds have bills that are long and straight or nearly so, but in some species the bill shape is adapted for specialized feeding.
Most image editing software includes features for converting a page layout for use in a "What You See Is What You Get" (
Most important is whether the precedent is "on point," that is, does it deal with a circumstance identical or very similar to the circumstance in the instant case?
Most individuals suffering from this condition tend to require wheelchair assistance later in their lives.
Most Indo-European languages are synthetic.
Most information can be represented as a String (or a sequence of characters).
Most ions have a charge of less than 4, but some can have higher charges.
Most Japanese like tatami.
Most languages use either “for” or “do” as keywords.
Most lutes at this time had seven or eight sets of strings.
Most mice have two buttons to click.
Most modern guns that shoot bullets use magazines for loading ammo (with the notable exception of revolvers).
Most modern software applications recognize a BOM and may insert it when saving a text file with UTF encoding.
Most musicians worked either for the church or for rich people who had their own orchestras.
Most notable is the George and Mary Rockwell Asian Art collection.
Most of Aachen's civilian population was moved out before the battle began.
Most of Coimbatore's inhabitants were Tamil-speaking but there were also large numbers of Malayalam, Telugu and Kannada speaking people.
Most of her movies were made in 1984 or before.
Most of his career was spent teaching and giving lectures, seminars and conferences.
Most of his music was choral (written for choirs).
Most of his works are written by Matti Caspi.
Most of Huelle's stories are set in Gdańsk.
Most of it happens during the summer.
Most of London is not destroyed.
Most of Montgomery's 50,000 African Americans took part in the boycott.
Most often it is used to refer to opium alkaloids, and semi-synthetic opioids.
Most often, this is because they lack the receptors for long (protanopia) or medium (deuteranopia)-length light waves or because these receptors have changed their sensitivity.
Most of the affected organisms were marine or aquatic in nature.
Most of the airplanes coming in and out of Davenport Municipal are local.
Most of the cartful can be found near the public housings, schools and MTR stations, because a steady stream of people from these places can help increase their business turnover.
Most of the Christians never returned back to the town.
Most of the clubs competing in local leagues.
Most of the country was taken by the Catholic rebels, who included Ormonde's Butler relatives.
Most of the details about his life come from his books.
Most of the different types of music are similar to Western music types.
Most of the discs were given to record companies and friends; only 50 copies remained for sale to the public.
Most of the Flash stories take place in the fictional city of Central City.
Most of the initial stories revolted around Bheem and his friends Raju,Jaggu and Chuttki and rivalry with Kalia and his friends.
Most of the land near Prince William Sound is part of the Chugach National Forest.
Most of the line is on a high viaduct over other transport infrastructure.
Most of them are about unfortunate people who want to be part of society but are not accepted.
Most of them are in ruins.
Most of them are still used today.
Most of them did not want to live in a Jewish country.
Most of them died there.
Most of them do not dissolve in water.
Most of the medals have been for individual and relay sprint events.
Most of them show only part of the play, because the entire play is very long.
Most of the municipality is in the valley but the northern part of it is on the Cordillera Septentrional (in English, "Northern mountain range"); the mountains here are not very high.
Most of them were located in the Northern Territory.
Most of them work in the tourist industry.
Most of the other examples are contentious, based on the possession of small islands in another region.
Most of the other services have signs displayed on their doors for payment methods.
Most of the path is easy to walk.
Most of the people must agree that the government is the best way to make laws and rule, if the government has Legitimacy.
Most of the process of making Fukui habutae silk is the same as the process of making habutae in other areas, but the weaving process of Fukui habutae silk is different from the weaving process of habutae in other areas.
Most of the reviews of Debut said that it is a good album.
Most of these are not specially marked.
Most of the seas is less than 50 meters deep.
Most of these atriums have gone, but churches often have a town square or a market place in front of them.
Most of these earthquakes were magnitude 1.0 or less; some as strong as magnitude 3.2 were centered 25 kilometers below the surface.
Most of these regiments are based on actual regiments from the Napoleonic Wars.
Most of these schools are now members of the American Athletic Conference.
Most of these would eventually be found on the standard Diablo.
Most of the songs were made by husband and wife Robert and Kristen Anderson-Lopez, while the movie's background music was made by Christophe Beck.
Most of the still existing papers of Dee are also in the British Museum.
Most of the storm's impact was in Louisiana.
Most of the time, dry beriberi and wet beriberi take place at the same time in the same person.
Most of the time, the question is whether the automaton will accept a word of a formal language, that is, when the word is fed into the automaton, the automaton will end up in an exit state.
Most of the time the weather is sunny, with an average of 2880 hours of sunshine per year.
Most of the weight is taken off the shoulders.
Most of this happened in Mexico, because it got struck twice by Emily.
Most paintings are in caves that are difficult to get at.
Most parish councillors are elected to represent the entire parish, though in parishes with larger populations or those that cover large areas, the parish can be divided into wards.
Most parts of Bangladesh are less than convert above the sea level.
Most peanuts marketed in the shell are of the Virginia type, along with some Valencias selected for large size and the attractive appearance of the shell.
Most people buying and selling at the black market are women.
Most people from the United States, United Kingdom, Ireland, Canada, Liberia and Burma use this as their standard measure of their personal mass.
Most people in all twenty-seven countries either approved of the target or called for it to go further.
Most people in the county work in manufacturing and retail trade.
Most people know lady beetles as small, round, red beetles with black spots on their backs.
Most people visit the area during the dry season between July and November.
Most people who get malaria get symptoms 10–30 days after they get infected (the Plasmodium gets in their blood.) But some people can get symptoms after only a week, and some may be infected with malaria and not have symptoms for a year.
Most people who live in Australia today speak English.
Most pharaohs are remembered because of the number of monuments and buildings they created.
Most polls show Obama beating Romney, aside from polls taken between the first and second presidential debates.
Most Pteranodon fossils are found where, at the time, they were hundreds of kilometres from the coastline.
Most RAID levels that use redundancy can do this.
Most railroads haul either people or freight, but the Alaska Railroad does both.
Most records over 30 years old are available to the public.
Most religious thinkers say this can mean other lying also, but very strongly forbids perjury.
Most Republicans still support the President.
Most researchers tend to frown on tactical voting.
Most scientists agree that wildlife around is affected by human activities.
Most sculptures of that time were just of one figure.
Most slide rules have three linear strips of the same length.
Most sources say he was born around 1930.
Most species are in the Australasian region, but the family did not originate there.
Most species described as phorusrhacid were smaller, convert tall, but the new fossil belongs to a bird that probably stood about convert tall.
Most species occur on the northern hemisphere, in temperate climates.
Most species of Australopithecus were diminutive and gracile, usually standing between 1.2 and 1.4 m tall (approx. 4 to 4.5 feet).
Most species will lay just one egg on the food plant.
Most stations are named for the nearby road crossed by the line in question.
Most things that use electricity have at least one circuit board inside of them that makes them run.
Most tombs have a hillside behind them and face a body of water.
Most traditional models of personality traits emphasize biology of the person to be very relevant to their personality traits, and even emphasize that this aspect of the person is unchangeable.
Most visual novels have more than one storyline and ending, the gameplay has been compared to Choose Your Own Adventure books.
Most volcanoes are explained by the collision or splitting apart of continental plates.
Most winemaking in Italy is done in modern wineries.
Most winter boots also keep people's feet dry.
Most women menstruate for 3–5 days every month.
Mother is the first title in the EarthBound series.
Mother Mother has five members in the band; the current band members are Ryan Guldemond, Molly Guldemond, Ali Siadat, Jeremy Page and Jasmin Parkin.
Motherwell Chairman, John Boyle has said "No decisions have been taken and we are simply exploring realistic options at this stage."
Moths of Eastern North America.
Moths of Western North America.
Motor Racing Developments Ltd., commonly known as Brabham (
Mount Batur, or what remains of it, is to the right of center; Mount Agung is at the left; on the far right is Mount Bratan.
Mount Korab is pictured in the Coat of arms of North Macedonia.
Mount Pulag, the highest mountain in Luzon, is in the region.
Moussa Benhamadi (4 January 1953 – 17 July 2020) was an Algerian politician and researcher.
Moussa told Mahfouz: "You have much talent, but your essays are no good."
Movies that don’t have a beginning to end linear plot.
Movies that have a crossover.
Moving from one area of the Zone to another can only happen at certain passageways; a white fence border stops players from trying to cross the map in any other area.
Moving has become more and more difficult.
Moving the knee sideways or rotating it can cause this ligament to strain or tear.
MP, but has been independent since 2019.
MPEG means Moving Picture Experts Group.
Mr. Bremer has served on the board for corporations such as Air Products and Chemicals Incorporated, Akzo Nobel NV (a Dutch company), and Marsh Crisis Consulting Company.
Mr. Fabiano is a sixth-grade teacher that calls in sick on April 28th.
Mr. Gregious who takes care of Rosa, tells Rosa that she has a lot of money.
Mr Jones and his friends attack the farm to try to take it back, but in the "Battle of the Cowshed" the animals drive them away.
Mr. Monckton angrily said no, and they shot each other in a furious fight.
Mr. Poe takes Violet, Klaus and Sunny Baudelaire to live with Montgomery Montgomery ("Uncle Monty").
Mrs Grose and the Governess find Flora by the lake.
Mrs. Hoover died on 7th January 1944 at the age of 69. She died of a heart attack.
Mr Smith is Sarah Jane's supercomputer that she hides in her wall.
Mrs Wormwood simply says that Bubble Shock satisfies the needs of the Western world.
Mrs Wormwood tells her staff not to ring any sirens and to kill Sarah Jane Smith.
"Ms" can be used for either.
Ms. Hirano was president and founding chief executive officer of the Japanese American National Museum in Los Angeles, California.
Mt. Chokai is the second hightest mountain in the Tohoku Region.
Mt Hassan in Turkey last erupted 8500 years ago.
Mt. Olympus Theme and Water Park (formerly Family Land) is another huge water park in the Dells.
Mt. Suri is the most famous one.
"Mtu wa hapa" – in Swahili; this translates to he who lives among us.
MTV later released the song as part of MTV: Unplugged Korn, and became the first single off the album.
Muang Phitsanulok became more importance.
Muawiyah I (602-680) was a deeply controversial figure in Islam.
Muawiyah instituted dynastic rule by appointing his son Yazid I as his successor, a trend that would continue through subsequent caliphates.
Muawiyah was a kinsman of Uthman and his army pledged to bring to justice the murderers and those who sheltered them.
Much about aerial roots is still unknown.
Much later he said, "the city was never to be the same again.
Much later the animals come back.
Much of Cornwall's farming land is suitable for milk production and one of the by products is clotted cream (cream thickened by cooking).
Much of the city was destroyed.
Much of the early work to document the fossil record at Joggins was by Nova Scotian geologist William Dawson (1820–1899), who had a close personal and working relationship with his friend and mentor Charles Lyell.
Much of the museum is made of dioramas, or re-creations of scenes from the life of Lincoln.
Much of the territory that now makes up Central European states used to belong to that Commonwealth.
Much of the town was destroyed.
Much of this area was historically part of the city's Polish Downtown.
Much of this land is good for farming and has been plowed for planting crops or turned into pastures.
Mudukkwan of Hwang Kee and Ydokwan of Byong Yun Kwei remained anchored to the tradition.
Muhammad Ali in turn appointed his son, Tosun Pasha, to lead a military expedition in 1811.
Muhammad Ali used his loyal Albanian troops to play both sides, gaining power and prestige for himself.
Muhammad descended from Abd Munaf via his son Hashim, the Umayyads descended from Abd Munaf via a different son, Abd-Shams.
Muhammed came here to gain support of the Hawazeen and the Tawfiq but was stoned by the tribes.
Mulk Raj Anand was the first Indian English writer to be inducted in 1989 and R. K. Narayan the second Indian writer working in English to be inducted in 1994."
Müller's larva is characteristic of the free-living species, but in the parasitic groups development may be direct.
Multi-year ice is thicker than seasonal ice: up to convert thick over large areas, with ridges up to convert thick.
Municipality people living there.
Muntiny on the Bounty is a 1962 American adventure drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and is the second adaption of the 1932 novel of the same name.
"Murasaki Shikibu: passage on death by possession from The Tale of Genji."
Murat stopped being an official suspect in July 2008, Kate and Gerry in August 2008.
Murdoch was born in the United Kingdom.
Murphy, 1987, pp. 13–23 The first African American recipient of the war was Milton L. Olive, III who sacrificed himself to save others by smothering a grenade with his body.
Murphy was formed around a railhead (end of the rail line) of the "Boise, Nampa and Owyhee Railroad" built in 1899.
Murray has been a senior official for several trade unions over many years.
Museum of the Holocaust keeps a list of the names of 80,022 victims (mostly from Jasenovac), including approximately 52,000 Serbs; 16,000 Jews; 12,000 Croats; 12,000 Bosniaks; and 10,000 Roma.
Museums exist for the purposes of education, study and enjoyment.
Music Core, from February 2012 to April 2013.
Music critics gave it mixed reviews.
Music critics gave it very good reviews.
Music director A.R Rahman took to his Twitter to wish Keba on his new endeavor which reads "Wishing our guitarist, Keba, the best in his first musical venture"
Musicians sometimes need to play harmonics on their instruments.
Musicians were not the only people who liked the idea of the life of a shepherd.
Music in American Life: An Encyclopedia of the Songs, Styles, Stars, and, ed. Jacqueline Edmondson (
Music Notation: A Manual of Modern Practice, second edition.
Music wise, her recording company moulded her to be a successor after the mature and sophisticated Momoe Yamaguchi, a singer who retired at age 21 for marriage.
Muslims also accept Jesus' claims to be a healer.
Muslims believe that "He who performs the dawn prayer (fajr) will be under the protection of Allah."
Muslims believe that the prophets are not gods, but merely human beings with some miracles to prove their prophethood.
Mussolini persuaded Hitler to attend a four power peace conference in Munich on the 29th September.
Mussolini wanted Italy to be great like the Roman Empire.
Mutillidae live all over the world.
Mutual information does not change based on which of the two random values is revealed.
Myanmar's jade industry is known for many accidental deaths.
Myasthenia gravis is caused by your immune system attacking the nerves that tell your muscles to contract.
My Bloody Valentine have released three studio albums.
My Childhood and Youth (autobiography, 2010 The chronicle of a Cameroonian youth, between nostalgia for childhood dreams and changes in a society over the years.
Mycobacteria can colonize their hosts without the hosts showing any adverse signs.
My family and everyone I knew were and are actors in a script, a charade whose entire purpose is to make me the focus of the world's attention.
My life in science, with Lewis Wolpert; edited by Errol C. Friedberg and Eleanor Lawrence.
My personal understanding of resistance in relation to both African and African American cultures would be; having to defy the norms that have been set by the society.
Myron H. Dembo, Motivation and Learning Strategies for College Success: A Self-Management (New York; London: Routledge, 2001), p. 14 Most students find that by analyzing their use of time, much of it is wasted.
Nadeem played the title role.
Nadezhda and Tchaikovsky wrote long letters to one another, often quite passionate and dreamy they talked about love, life and how they wanted it to change, but they never saw one another.
Nadezhda thought her husband could earn a lot of money building railways.
Nagar was an independent principality for 1200 years.
Nagercoil is a land of great traditional and cultural significance.
Nagorno-Karabakh is not recognised as an independent state, but it functions as one.
Naish gave the skull to the owners of the station.
Nájera died on April 8, 2017 of a heart attack.
Najib's Barisan Nasional coalition wins the simple majority but the opposition coalition Pakatan Rakyat, led by Anwar Ibrahim, wins the popular vote.
Nakae's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in frontline fighting in northern Italy in 1944.
Nakajima's first year in GP2 finished with no wins, but five consecutive podiums and ended the year as top rookie.
Nakamine's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor.
Named after Ernest O. Lawrence, inventor of the cyclotron, a research instrument with which several new elements have been found/made.
Named below are all of the previous Conservative Party leaders since 1922.
Named for the Fabulous Freebirds, who famously did this in Georgia Championship Wrestling.
Named the story of Light’ Epilogue containing songs from their previous three mini albums The story of Light’ Ep.1,Ep.2 and Ep.
Name inscriptions are written in the alphabet of Chalcis in Euboea.
Names are contributed by members of the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee.
Nanaimo is ranked 62nd overall in the 100 largest municipalities in Canada and is nicknamed the "Bathtub Racing Capital of the World" and the "Harbour City".
Nancy Chodorow says the short preoedipal (attraction to the mother and jealousy of the father) time of focus on the mother should be named gynesexuality or matrisexuality.
Nancy Evelyn Guptill (April 28, 1941 August 24, 2020) was a Canadian politician.
Nanglo is also being used for cultural purposes.
Naomi Grace Scott (born 6 May 1993) is an English actress and singer.
Napolean was born in Detroit.
Napoleon drafted the Constitution of the Year VIII, and secured his own election as First Consul.
Napoleon later blames anything that goes wrong on Snowball.
Napoleon removed Louis from the Dutch throne and took over the entire Kingdom of Holland on July 1, 1810.
Napoleon sent Marshal Lannes to help out.
Narayan Datt Tiwari (18 October 1925 – 18 October 2018) was an Indian politician.
Naruto's mentor and one of the Three Legendary Sannin.
Narwhals live in the icy waters of the Arctic seas.
"NASA's Kepler Mission Announces Largest Planet Collection Ever Discovered" May 10, 2016 https://www.
NASA spent US$160 million on the satellite and named it the COBE.
Nash and Crosby had met earlier in England, and got back in touch in California.
Nash's musical trademark was his face being covered in surgical bandages.
Nasir-ud-Din Mahmud Shah Tughluq (reign: 1394 − February 1413 CE) was the last sultan of the Tughlaq dynasty.
Nas released his eleventh studio album, Nasir, in 2018.
Nassau County was created in 1824.
Natalie Horler citation and the two Record Producers DJ Manian and Yanou.
Nataraja is the only form of Shiva worshipped in a human figure format.
National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences (1989?).
National Academy Press: Washington DC.
National Film Development Corporation of India is the central agency established to encourage the good cinema movement in the country.
National First Ladies' Library.
National Library of Medicine, Changing the Face of Medicine.
National News, TVNZ, 31 December 2011.
National Parks are established in about 37% of the total land area of the prefecture.
National Press Release, September 2001.
National Risk Register for Civil Emergencies 2015 edition.
National song -
National Space Science Data Center.
Native Americans make a lot of different art.
"Natives of Endeavour River in a canoe, fishing."
Native to desert regions, the giant scorpion may be a descendant of the Brontoscorpio, a species of prehistoric aquatic scorpions from Paleozoic times.
Natto can be made into a donburi by adding natto and other items like tuna or egg to rice inside a bowl.
Natto may be bought in stores in Styrofoam boxes.
Naturally he was thinking about multiplication, and about how he would multiply things that were given in terms of complicated equations.
Nature, history and mythology are the topics of one of the most mature and sophisticated novellas of R.Granauskas "Jaučio aukojimas" (eng. "Sacrifice of a Bull") (1975).
Nature is a scientific journal.
Navarro also took drugs.
Navigation is the methods used to learn where someone is and how to go to another place.
Navy Captain and author.
Nazarian founded Magbit Foundation Los Angeles which helps students struggling to finish college.
NBA TV carries at least 90 regular-season games per season, all broadcast in high definition, as well as some first-round playoff games.
NBC News Today rundown, July 22, 1982 Garroway's passing was noted on NBC Nightly News with John Chancellor, the man who replaced Garroway on Today 21 years earlier.
N'Djamena International Airport is located just outside the city.
Nearby Fiescheralp is administered by Fiesch and is accessible by the Eggishorn lift.
Nearby is a drifting course, which was built as part of the refurbishment.
Nearby is the beautiful Calandula waterfalls, 85 km from the city.
Nearby towns include Bishop Auckland to the north-east, Darlington to the east and Richmond in North Yorkshire to the south-east.
Nearly 1100mm of rain fall each year on the area.
Nearly 1,200 MD-80s were made from 1980 to 1999.
Nearly all music is made up of notes.
Near Rani Tal, a lake in the park, a brick girdle is still there.
Near the end of the battle Stuart was mortally wounded by one of Custer's men and died the next day.
Near the end of the stage, a woman's estrogen levels peak.
Near the pass is the placid Cholamo Lake, 6.5 km long and 2.5 km wide.
Near the quadrilateral is a single massive menhir, now known as the "Giant".
Neat, organized, alert, scientific, responsible.
Neck posture, dentition and feeding strategies in Jurassic sauropod dinosaurs.
Nedzi was born in Hamtramck, Michigan.
Neebing is made of the former geographic townships of Blake, Crooks, Pardee, Pearson and Scoble.
Negative symptoms are thoughts, behaviors or emotions normally present in a healthy person that a person with a mental disorder has less of or may not have at all; they are 'minus' these.
Negotiation and accommodation, rather than success on the battlefield, ultimately brought an end to the war.
Neil wants the others to feel sorry for him, or just acknowledge his presence.
Neither boy has a mother, although Baba's friend, Rahim Kahn, has a close friendship with Amir.
Neither is able to sustain a personal relationship.
Neither of the band's new members stayed for long.
Neither side won the battle.
Neither version is 'better' than the other; they are rather different in style.
Neo Cortex became a mad scientist and made an Evolvo-Ray where he can mutate animals into mutants.
Nepalis also known as Gorkha.
Nephthys was also the mother of Anubis, the jackal-headed one with black skin.
Neptune itself with a maximum brightness would be about that of the full moon on Earth.
Neri entered the modeling industry as a professional in Milan in 1995.
Nero’s guards have surrounded the house.
Neruda’s mother died shortly after he was born, but the child, Neruda came to love his stepmother (Dona Trinidad Candia Malverde) as if she had been his real mother.
Neruda was born in the City of Parral in Chile on July 12, 1904 born under the name Ricardo Neftali Reyes.
Nerve cells in the brain called neurons, dying because of Alzheimer's disease.
Nerves in his body cause the arteries in the penis to constrict (become narrower).
Ness goes to find these Your Sanctuary spots, as well as the two other boys and the one girl.
Nester, "Haughty Conquerors", x. This important book has been the definitive account of the war for nearly a century and is still in print.
Nestorius lived from about 380 to about 450 AD.
Netanyahu had been shot in the chest and 10 other of the Israeli military were injured.
NET Framework class library are able to work with CLS.
Net Nanny was created and started by Gordon Ross in 1993 in Vancouver and moved to Bellevue, Washington in 2000.
Networker units built around the same time.
Networks can also be parts of bigger networks.
Neuharth was married to Loretta F. Helgeland from 1946 until they divorced in 1973.
Neuquén is one of the richest provinces in Argentina.
Neurypnology or the rationale of nervous sleep considered in relation with animal magnetism.
Neu Smell soon after signing.
Neustadt is the seat of the Hornbach Holding AG and Team Rosberg.
Neutron stars that can be observed are very hot and typically have a surface temperature of around main.
Nevada and California became part of the US with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Nevertheless before the Second World War the SAK 1914 was the most successful football club in Salzburg.
Nevertheless, Estudiantes obtained the title in the end.
Nevertheless it is still true that the animals used minerals that were most easily accessible.
Nevertheless, Mitterrand was re-elected President in 1988 with a moderate programme entitled "united France".
Nevertheless, possible evidence that Crawford was not a volunteer, that he was forced to climb the mast, or that he was drunk is ignored by the people of his hometown.
Nevertheless, results are results and this could determine who would win the next general election.
Nevertheless the era Decker was one of the best for Austria's national football team.
Nevertheless the trilobites remained abundant, with all the Late Cambrian orders continuing, and being joined by the new group Phacopida.
Nevertheless, until about 1960, most scientists dismissed the greenhouse effect because they thought it was very unlikely to happen.
New channels connect to the new locks.
New clips are sometimes added.
Newer songs did not have influences from rock or hip-hop.
Newer types of power plants usually have higher availability factors than old power plants.
New evidence suggests the Moon formed even later, 4.48±0.02 Ga, or 70–110 Ma after the start of the Solar System.
New geisha neighborhoods (lang) were created in Kyoto and other cities.
New Guinea is perhaps the most linguistically diverse region in the world.
New hominin found via mtDNA.
New Jersey adopted its current constitution in 1947.
New leaves capture the energy of the sun and sprout before the tall trees shadow them.
New locks opened in 2016 to allow ships more than twice as big, called New Panamax.
New metical stated circulating from 2006.
New Mills most known employer is Swizzels Matlow, who make children's sweets.
Newspapers called them the "Eight Great Outlaws".
Newspapers that used to support Pramoedya stopped publishing his writing.
New species of dinosaur displayed in Buenos Aires.
News reports state that he was resting in the badminton arena around 6 in the evening during when he abruptly grieved of chest pain and collapsed in the court.
Newton, following an idea that had long been discussed by others, said that the closer two objects are to each other, the more gravity will affect them.
Newton's third law.
Newton tossed the computer out his dorm window in an attempt to hide it from the Police.
Newton was born in New Jersey.
New World coral snakes live in the southern range of many temperate U.S. states.
New York City's most biggest economic part is the U.S. financial industry, also known as Wall Street.
New York: Doubleday, 1991 George Crum later opened his own restaurant that served his special potato chips.
' New York, NY: The Wall Street Journal.
New York, NY: W.W. Norton & Co. Inc.
New York Senator Jacob Javits read it out loud in Congress so that the words would be saved in the Congressional Record.
New York State Board of Elections.
New York: The Review of Reviews Company, 1901. p. 336. it is suggested that the writings of William Herndon, Lincoln's law partner, much influenced Lincoln.
New York Times Company (21 September 1902).
New Zealand was one of the last places in the world that humans discovered, because it is a long way away from most of the world.
Next Alice measures both of her particles A and M and tells what the outcomes of these measurements are to Bob.
Next he teamed up again with his Bedroom director Moinak Bhowmik for Ami Ar Amar Girlfriends.
Next is the mid level Plankerton, followed by the high end Canny Valley, ending with the last location, and the hardest, Twine Peaks.
Next the Purushottam Express from Puri struck the Kalindi Express behind with a speed of 70 kmph.
Next to the grid is a list of clues.
Next to the restaurant is a stone arch, which separates the museum from the GRI.
Next to the town centre is the town gardens, a modern church and a museum.
Next to this tower is the museum with an exposition about Carl Heinrich Graun and his brothers.
Next year, in May 1930, Sultan Khan began an international chess career in which he defeated many of the world's leading players.
Neytiri's father is one of the dead.
Nf6 with Black, especially in reply to 1d4.
N. fowleri can invade and attack the human nervous system; although this occurs rarely, such an infection will nearly always result in the death of the victim.
Ngupulya began painting in 2009, for Mimili's community art co-operative, Mimili Maku.
Nhất Hạnh has published more than 100 books, including more than 40 in English.
NHL president Red Dutton shown presenting the Calder Memorial Trophy to Bodnar in 1944.
Niacin is a vitamin that lowers cholesterol levels.
Niacin is one of the medicines that may make HDL (good) cholesterol go up.
Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall into a fountain.
Nicholas Xenophon (né Xenophou; 29 January 1959) is an Australian politician.
Nick Cassidy (Sam Worthington) enters a hotel room, pretending to be called Joe Walker.
Nickel(II) chloride irritates skin and eyes.
Nickel(II) sulfate is used to make other nickel compounds.
Nickel is not a reactive metal.
Nick holds a funeral for Gatsby, but very few people show up despite Gatsby having been famous.
Nicknames for Bangkok are the City of Angels and the Big Mango.
Nick opened the thingy and went into the room.
Nick was sent to prison for a crime he did not commit, but escaped when he was allowed off prison grounds for his father's funeral.
Nicky Hopkins, British musician (b.
"Nicodemus: Negro Haven on the Solomon."
Nicole is a Certified Professional Dog Trainer (CPDT-KA), American Kennel Club CGC evaluator citation APDT trainer and co-author of Working like a Dog.
Nico lies to Percy about knowing him after he finds out that Percy's memories have been stolen and simply says that he's an ambassador for Pluto at the Roman camp.
Nicolò Amati was the son of Girolamo Amati.
Nidwalden is in the center of Switzerland.
Nielsen did the commentary for Swedish television.
Nietzsche wrote a lot about how people make decisions and about how they live their lives.
Nigeria is known for being a large country, and one of the richest in Africa.
Nihizawa was born in Cuautitlán, Mexico.
Nihonshoki describes a wrestling match during his era.
Nikki thought she was going to be invited to the party, but Mackenzie wanted her to pass it to her best friend, Jessica, who sits behind Nikki.
Nikyra Rucker loaned Oprah Winfrey money to start her business.
Nina Rachel Shapiro Gordon (born November 14, 1967) is an American singer, songwriter and musician.
Nine cases were recorded in January.
Nineteen royal children were born in the Queen's Bedchamber.
Nine terrorists killed in the operations by the security forces in Mumbai have been identified by Ajmal as his fidayeen associates from LeT.
Ninjago was created by The First Spinjitzu Master (Sensei Wu and Garmadon's father and ancestor Misako's father-in-law Lloyd Garmadon's grandfather and ancestor Firstbourne and Omega's son and descendant) using The Four Golden Weapons of Spinjitzu.
Ninja is easier to say; this is why it is more widely used.
"Ninna" in Japan Encyclopedia, p. 716. The reigning emperors were nihongo and nihongo.
Nino Sabashvili had a goal of winning a Paralympic medal.
Nintendo Labo is a cardboard set of accessories for the Switch.
Nintendo was formed on September 23, 1889.
Niobe and Her children (Cambridge University Press).
Nipah virus is transmitted by fruit eating bats.
Nipun entered into the movie industry in 2006.
Nirosha (also known as Niroja) is an actress working mostly in supporting roles; she is married to actor Ramki.
Nirvana ended in 1994 after Cobain died.
Nitra is a city with special history.
Nitrogen Dioxide is a reddish-brown gas with a distinct, pungent odor similar to that of Chlorine.
Nixon did not want to help pick who would be the top Republican candidate in 1976 and Ford promised him that he was not interested in being President.
Njiru was ordained to the priesthood in 1955.
No. 13, season 4. 1:05:27 minutes in.
No. 8, season 1. When the team, named team "Avatar", arrived in the Northern Water Tribe, a Waterbender named Master Pakku teaches Aang (and later Katara) waterbending.
No Aboriginal people were employed at any of these mines.
No animal can digest cellulose by itself.
Nobody at the Convention liked Louis, but the Girondins at least wanted to spare his life.
Nobody knew how important that Flowers and the other people who helped make it were.
Nobody knows exactly where and how syphilis started.
Nobody wants Grimes to have another apprentice.
No bread for base.
No case is the same, and the options that are there for trans women depend very much on if they have easy access to medical care and money.
No central Pacific names were used; the first name used would have been Oka.
Nodding agreement - When nods are used to punctuate key things the other person has said, they signal agreement, interest and understanding.
Noel Gallagher presented a fully composed "Live Forever" to the band for the first time in early 1993 during their rehearsals.
NOESA is not required for the DESA award, but DESA recipients may not receive the NOESA.
"No Excuses" with Parlophone in October 1995.
No fewer than a third of them were veterans of Egypt's continuing intervention into the North Yemen Civil War and another third were reservists.
No fossil skin impressions of these dinosaurs had been found previously.
No government controls the Red Cross.
No hills, mountains, or rivers were visible; only smooth, treeless, brown plains appeared.
No joy, only pain and tears, is brought by being a part of the Italian Party in Dalmatia.
Nokia 5800 has like for Nokia 5700, Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has stopped discontinued on September 20, 2015, eight ago has released.
Nokia 7610 has pubilc designed is Nokia 7610e and 7610i has fake released, Nokia 7610 in however from Nokia Corporation can pubilc can smillar to Change World Tour and World from Nokia Love has announced on Febuary 15, 2005.
Nokia N900 was announced released on July 5, 2012 in Los Angeles, California.
Nokia N90 has collection features is flip camera for Nokia N90 suits and more choice for everything Nokia N90 released in worldwide.
Nokia N93 can be released worldwide on July 11, 2006, from the people's workgroup on enterprise and businessman, on July 19, 2006, Nokia N93 has 200 awards for Nokia Tablet Congress after on September 25, 2006, also announced on Nokia Center.
Nokia Series 40 has announced on Siilasmaa they were development release on August 19, 2003.
No more than 10% of the students are allowed to be from the same country.
No More Words: A Journal of My Mother, Anne Morrow Lindbergh.
No names retired.
None of that is common any more.
None of the auditioners managed to suit the place of the new bassist, but finally in 1971, they settled on John Deacon.
None of the children lived past childhood.
None of them can live in freshwater (water with no salt in it), but a few species live in brackish (partly salty) water.
None of these county highways go into Lawrence.
None of the structures are directly related to each other in the sense of coming from the same geophysical processes.
None of the usual speakers were at the meeting, so Lalor stepped forward and gave a rousing speech.
None realized that training could be the difference between life and death on a battlefield.
Nonetheless, many felt there was little disparity between the party and its competitor.
Non-Governmental and Intergovernmenta Organizations may be allowed to attend as observers.
Non-Korean citizens do not open businesses of any size within the city because city legislation dictates that two or more Koreans are required be partnered to the businesses.
Non-Load Bearing Wall doesn’t help the structure to stand up and holds up only itself.
Non-Muslim communities living under Islamic rule were allowed to follow their own laws.
Non-orthodontic teats are sometimes called cherry teats.
No numerical value can be put on it.
No-one has seen him and no one knows how he manages to conquer them.
No one has the credit for finding mercury.
"No one I think is in my tree, I mean it must be high or low" he explained as not being able to find other people who looked at life the way he did.
No one knows for sure how long yogurt has been around.
No one knows where seid came from.
No one may have their liberty taken away except by lawful process.
No one was hurt.
No one will tell you what ‘Bang’ in Bangladesh means, except some bold joiners of the dots in ancient history.
No other arrests from the theft of the nuclear designs have been made.
No people live here.
No pressure change occurs at the turbine blades, and the turbine does not require a housing for operation.
No proper roads cross the desert.
NORAD and other defense agreements (such as the Permanent Joint Board on Defense) form the most extensive defense alliance in the world.
Norilsk got the statute of a city in 1953.
Norisuke's oldest daughter.
• Normally a Switch has more ports than a Bridge.
Normally in humans there is only two copies of any given chromosome.
Normal was originally called North Bloomington.
Norman is a male given name.
Norman Lear bought the rights to use Til Death Us Do Part and used the ideas of the show in All in the Family.
Norman Lear is the creator of All in the Family.
North America and South America together are often described as one continent, "the Americas", or simply "America".
North America has a rich dinosaur fossil record with great diversity of dinosaurs.
North America is dominating the car rental market, owing to the high usage rate of car rental services by daily commuters, office-goers, and tourists in the country.
North and South Darfur were created from Darfur, while Kurdufan divided into North and South Kurdufan.
Northern Territory Library.
North Korea however does not posses missiles that could reach US mainland but some say Hawaii is a possibility.
North of Danger, by Dale Hollerbach Fife, is a World War II story about a 12-year-old boy living in Svalbard who has to hide in a coal mine to avoid being captured by the Nazi invaders.
North of Pennsylvania Route 295, I-83 is known as the Susquehanna Expressway.
North Sikkim has a sex ratio of 769 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 77.39%.
Norton N.Y. Chapter 6 The power of the small.
Norum became a member of lang in 1971 and has chaired the council several times.
Nor will we proceed with force against him except by the lawful judgement of his equals or by the law of the land.
Noshaq is located in the northeastern corner of the country along the Durand line.
Notable amongst these are Tiruppur Kumaran, who was born in 1904 in a small village near Erode.
Notable attractions are the Jumpin' Jellyfish and Golden Zephyr.
Notable for being taken the day which fourteen children vanished and for what is referred to as “The Slender Man”.
Not all adventure games do this.
Not all beetles can fly.
Not all performance specialists are officially recognised.
Not all spiders use silk to net their prey.
Not all the notes are exactly in tune; see below for details.
Note 12: Kathy could not vote, as she was chosen to enjoy the reward with the Chapera tribe.
Note 1: John K. had to spend a day with the other tribe for the point of giving immunity to one of them at tribal council that night.
Note 2: Since Jenna M. left the game, no immunity challenge and no tribal council were shown during the episode.
Note (33): Letters Patent dated July 13, 1988.
Note 3: On Day 17 Michael fell into a fire and had to be removed due to injuries, as a result he was the sixth person to leave the game meaning no Tribal Council was held.
Note 8: Two were given immunity at the night's tribal council.
Note: All series listed here are now owned and distributed by Warner Bros. Television with a few exceptions.
Note also the soft tissue swelling at the lateral border of the foot.
Note: Due to COVID-19, most primaries after March 10 were rescheduled.
Note: his and its can be possessive determiners or possessive pronouns.
Note- It is not necessary that all people who have these problems must be having heavy metal poisoning.
Note: Names in italics denote players that have been called up to the senior team.
Note that "comedy" does not mean funny here, but rather that it has a positive ending.
Note that the word sounding is used for all kinds of technologies, even though some do not use sound.
Note that this system is separate from the Wisconsin Technical College System.
Note the juvenile's different coat pattern.
Note: The Northeast-10 sponsors a championship for its members that play ice hockey, but the NCAA doesn't currently sponsor a national championship at the Division II level.
Note the small red spots.
Not every disease can be helped with medicine or surgery, though.
Not every recording artist has a hit record.
"not for dividend" company limited by guarantee whose principal asset is Network Rail Infrastructure Limited, a company limited by shares.
Not happy with the films, Miller stopped working in TV and movies until 2005, when Miller worked with director Robert Rodgriguez on the film, Sin City.
Not have I have I cursed God.
Not have I made to weep.
Not have I trampled down the fields.
Nothing is solved with bragging and the big mouth alone.
Nothing seems to be known about why these morphs exist.
Notice explaining about step-free access.
Notice that the consonant (C) and vowel (V) notation does NOT match the letters of English spelling in a one-to-one relationship (e.g. 'th' is one sound), but rather individual sounds.
Notification Center was introduced in iOS 5, and it also changed how notifications are displayed.
Not including its legs, it can grow to about convert long.
Not known if speakers of all dialects understand Leh well.
Not long after that, she was granted Tam giai Hiền tần (Third-rank of Royal Concubine Hiền tần).
Not many of them were made.
Not many people live in the desert.
Not much is known about his past, aside from the fact he had served in the Royal Navy at one point.
"Not Myself Tonight" was a hit single in Asian area.
Not only did they have medicinal values, they also are believed to have been used to ward off evil spirits and demons.
Not only that, we know "Wiki" will appear an infinite amount of times.
Notre Dame archives Being Catholic, Being American The Notre Dame Story, 1842-1934, Robert E Burns, University of Notre Dame Press, Notre Dame Indiana, 1999 The Irish played their first game in the new stadium on 4 October 1930.
Notre Dame College was first established at Luxmibazar of Old Dhaka in November, 1949 with the name "St.
Not surprising, then, that when the move changed into its modern form, the Italians called the new game schacci alla rabioso (~furious chess).
No two judges can come from the same country.
No units survived preservation, and all units were eventually scrapped.
Nouns are 'thing' words like 'table and 'chair'.
No uses for darmstadtium are known.
NOVA science program(s).
Nova Scotia has three regional municipalities.
Novell Netware, starting with version 3.x, included a transaction tracking system.
"Novgorod" is the Russian word for "new city" and "Velikiy" means "the Great".
Now, 150 years later, it really is a big city.
Nowadays, the massive procession illustrates the high regard in which the festival would have been held.
Nowadays, the rector of the university is Dr. Luis Izquierdo.
Nowadays they are almost always sung by female sopranos, since there are no castrati left.
Now apply this to daily life.
Now a whole range of cultivated wheats are available.
Now citizens can see their personal files on request; these files are kept by the Federal Commissioner for the Stasi Archives.
Now, he is living with his son Oskar Moreno in this apartment.
Now, he would have to do it at Gettysburg.
Now I’m coming home to make sure others have the same shot at the dream."
Now it has a very international feeling.
Now it is a sport airstrip for small airplanes.
Now, it mainly runs movies and concerts.
Now it's called TU.
Now Joe has missed his train.
Now Kabuki actors often perform for foreign audiences.
Now, only a few people speak the language.
Now part of the Kurdish autonomous region.
Now people come here to pray, listen to the concerts and visit exhibitions.
Now she lives on Bannerman road with her adopted son, Luke.
Now, since the number of states has increased, ratification by an additional 26 states would be needed for this amendment to be adopted.
Now SpongeBob does not have a net to use.
Now, Stockholm is named Athena, and still sails.
Now that Israel has been released from captivity, Haman's dangerous edict is the final try in the Old Testament time to get rid of them.
Now that it is OK again, Chinese Indonesians celebrate the holiday much as people in China do.
Now that they lived in the same house.
Now the actual text contains 129 articles and 21 transitory provisions.
Now, the city has become so big that it is in the city center.
Now the mate is ready to receive the bombilla.
Now the yerba may be brewed.
Now they play in the "Fourth Division", Regionalliga Bayern, with the new name, F.C. Eintracht Bamberg.
Now trade is conducted only from Northern ports.
Now we have to prove that there is only one way to write a positive number greater than 1 as a product of prime numbers.
Now we know that they are not seas.
Now we will prove that we can write an integer greater than 1 in only one way as a product of prime numbers.
Nozomi trains skips even more stations then the Hikari, which is now the fastest service on this route.
NP-complete problems are studied because the ability to quickly verify solutions to a problem (NP) seems to correlate with the ability to quickly solve problem (P).
NPCs are in many video games and help the player learn how to play the game or guide the player through the game.
"NSFW" channels require users to verify that they are 18 years or older to view them.
NTSC has some weaknesses.
Nuchal and dorsal scutes form a single continuous shield composed of 21 or 22 transverse series.
Nuclear fusion reactors don't exist yet and are still being developed.
Nuclear weapons are the most damaging weapons to have been created.
Nuclear weapons take many resources to make, because the materials they are made of are very rare and it takes many scientists to make them.
Nudimension stopped recording in about 1991.
Nudity in public places is rare, and people generally do not expect it.
Numbers is a television series that was broadcast on CBS from 2005 to 2010.
Numbers that are larger than the beginning number and smaller than the end number are inside the interval, and numbers that are smaller than the beginning number or larger than the end number are not in the interval.
Number two, residents of a small historic town in Sweden who have to get government permission to change the name of the place after years of silent suffering -- Fjuckby, F-J-U-C-K-B-Y, Fjuckby.
Numerical methods for special functions.
Nundle is a popular tourist destination for both casual travellers and motorcycle riders.
Nunzio is currently wrestling with the National Wrestling Alliance.
Nur für Deutsche ("Only for Germans") on a train in Nazi-
Nurse sharks are very active during the night.
Nursing homes are group homes for old people who need medical care, for disabled people who need medical care, and for people recovering from severe sickness or injury, like stroke patients.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan was quoted as saying "The message of Hazrat Riaz Gohar Shahi is the greatest message I have ever heard."
Nuthatches have big heads, short tails and powerful bills and feet.
Nuto Revelli, Italian military, resistance activist, professor and writer (d.
Nutt developed an "adolescent crush" on her, but Nutt would be disappointed.
Nutt's carriage was pulled by Shetland ponies.
Nut was a very beautiful and kind goddess.
Nvidia was established in 1993 by Jen-Hsun Huang, Curtis Priem, and Chris Malachowsky.
NY 199 was named in 1930.
Nyarr-chan and Ecchibi are introduced.
Nyssa's fate after she leaves the TARDIS is not known, although the spin-off novel Asylum, by Peter Darvill-Evans, reveals that she eventually leaves Terminus and settles down as an academic in a university on an unspecified planet.
Oakland, California: Kaiser Permanente Heritage Resources, October 11, 2013.
Oak Ridge could only make a small amount of berkelium (less than 30 milligrams).
Oars have a flat blade at one end.
Obama talked about Dunham's death in a 30-second campaign advertisement ("Mother") arguing for health care reform.
Obama was inaugurated in January 2009.
OBEs often work the same way.
Obi are worn by both men and women.
Obito became Madara's student.
"Obituary: Sir Adetokunbo Ademola", The Independent (London) February 12, 1993.
Objectivity may have several meanings in the eye of the public.
Observations on language, and on the errors of class-books.
Observatory service elevators often convey other facts of interest, including elevator speed, stopwatch, and current position (altitude), as with the case for Taipei 101's service elevators.
Observers state that the lockdown has slowed the growth rate of the pandemic by 6 April to a rate of doubling every 6 days, and, by 18 April, to a rate of doubling every 8 days.
Obsidian can be found where high silicate eruptions have happened.
Obsidian does not last forever.
Ocarina of Time was a very popular game, and many people liked it.
Occasionally, a large competition will have a flexibility test.
Occasionally on the album, there's a guy who comments on the music, but it is not revealed who.
Occasionally, the term "techno" is used to describe electronic dance music in general, despite being a generalisation as techno is a distinguishable subgenre of EDM.
Ochira and Kayamkulam Junction train stations are nearby; however, Quilon Junction railway station is 32 km from Alumpeedika.
Octave: Past, present and future.
October 9th is not related with any event in Leif Erikson's life.
ODD typically begins in childhood.
Odessa is a warm water port.
O'Donnell was Minister for the Gaeltacht from 1973 to 1977.
Oedipus and the man fight, and Oedipus kills the man.
Of all the MBTA's services, the Commuter Rail runs the farthest from Boston.
Of all the six eukaryote supergroups, four are exclusively composed of unicellular organisms.
OF.Athrty", a remix of the Hybrid Theory song "Points of Authority".
Of course, if they fail, the fault is theirs, rather than the government department's.
Of course, there was a general exodus of State officials and clerks, too."
Of course this break out is noticed by the guards, and soon the General himself and his small army catch up Bigwig and the runaway rabbits.
Offa had offended Charlemagne by his son marry one of Charlemagne's daughters.
Offering reasons why Jack could never find "The One", Barrowman brings up the character's immortality.
Office for National Statistics & Cornwall County Council, 2001.
Officer named Aloise Lange in the 2011 movie This Must Be the Place.
Official and confidential: the secret life of J. Edgar Hoover.
Official flight time is 2 minutes.
Officially, the Indian rupee has a market-set exchange rate.
Officials estimated that 10,000 people were gathered at Qualcomm stadium, the largest shelter point in San Diego.
Offline memory typically referred to magnetic tape from which a specific piece of data could only be accessed by locating the address sequentially, starting at the beginning of the tape.
"Offspring" means "children.") This law did a few things: The Law for the Prevention of Hereditarily Diseased Offspring.
Of her 22 feature films, she was leading lady in all but one.
Of particular concern was the length of time before and after the cup that players were not allowed to endorse a rival to one of the official sponsors.
Often, a children's reporter will refer a child to a panel.
Often, a label deleted a single from its catalog after only one week, thus allowing the song to enter the Hot 100, make a high debut and then decline in position as the one-time production of the retail single sold out.
Often called a fascist by his opponents, Dr Salazar's regime was instrumental in issuing Portuguese travel documents to thousands of Jews fleeing though Europe and to Portugal a boarding point for the ultimate destination in North America.
Often enough there are a number of individuals in a crowd peering back at him.
Often, her picture was carved in statues with gold decorations and with snakes curled around the arms.
Often it is a fast piece to finish the performance off happily, but if a musician has just played a very energetic, loud piece, then the encore might be a quiet piece.
Often, it occurs together with major political or religious changes.
Often poltergeists are reported around children and adolescents.
Often, schools will have a celebration where students will honor their teachers.
Often the food they found or killed during the summer was put into a cache for use during the long winter.
Often the lichen is mat-like, and clings to the surface.
Often, the outflow boundary will bow in the direction it is moving the quickest.
Often these sites are mentioned in emails, or online discussions, which tries to trick users into following links to another website.
Often this blow is enough to make a small public company fail.
Often this type of system must do its work in a specific amount of time.
Often use salt to clean the mouth can prevent and treat oral diseases.
Of that area, 643.1 km² (248.3 mi²) is land and 645.0 km² (249.0 mi²) is water.
Of that, convert is land and convert (0.06%) is water.
Of that, convert is land and convert (0.4%) is water.
Of that, convert is land and convert (2.0%) is water.
Of that, convert is land and convert (2.4%) is water.
Of the 1,477 people on the Empress, 1,012 died.
Of the candidates, 20 were affiliated with a political party and 13 were independent.
Of the thirty-nine parts of section 51, a few have become very important in deciding how much power the Commonwealth government has in law.
Of the twenty-six captains, twenty of them have been with their team for their entire career.
Of this, convert is land and convert (0.70%) is water.
Of this, convert is land and convert (1.18%) is water.
Of this event, Avery wrote in a letter to his youngest brother Roy, a bacteriologist at the Vanderbilt School of Medicine: "It's lots of fun to blow bubbles but it's wiser to prick them yourself before someone else tries to".
Of those, only a third live to leave hospital.
Ogden contended that "commerce" included only buying and selling of goods and not their transportation.
Ogg Vorbis is very similar to MP3, although it has many improvements.
"Oh!", "Hey!" and "My goodness!" are ejaculations.
Oil on canvas, National Gallery, London.
Oil on wood, convert.
O. Ivar Lovaas: Pioneer of applied behavior analysis and intervention for children with autism.
Okinawa had secretly paid tribute to both China and Japan.
Okutsu is the namesake of the Yukio Okutsu Veterans Home at Hilo.
Old Brown lets the squirrels pick nuts.
Old carols were being sung.
Older London streets have virtually no off-road parking.
Older men produce less semen.
'Oldest star chart' found.
Old-fashioned weapons still kill many people in wars and fighting.
Old Government House (
Old land is mostly green, new land is darker in color.
Oldland Mill is an 18th century windmill.
Old North College, the first building on KU Campus, 1867.
Oldowan tools are sometimes subdivided into types, such as chopper, scrapers and pounders, as these seem to be their main uses.
Ole Nydahl’s first teacher was the Drukpa-Kagyu master Lopon Tsechu Rinpoche.
Olga friend, Bertrand which then lend a hand with Olga bought a new refrigerator.
Oliver began rehearsals for a co-starring role in the Broadway play Patate in mid-1958.
Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protector of England from 1653 to 1658, who ordered the abolition of the monarchy and the sale of the crown jewels.
Olivine has also been found at several extraterrestrial locations, such as the moon and many passing space rocks - as well as the outer layers of dust orbiting young stars.
Olympic cyclist (1960, 1964), heart attack.
Olympics, winning a gold and silver medal respectively for the country.
Omar and Sa'id are both killed by Bilala invaders from the west.
'O, Mary loves the lamb, you know,'
Omega Centauri is one of the few globular clusters visible to the naked eye.
Omikoshi, which is recorded as a cultural heritage, is carried from a local temple.
On 10 August 1792 the monarchy of France ended.
On 10 January 2020, Staartjes was injured in a car accident.
On 10th of June 2014 he won elections for the post of President of Israel.
On 11 July 2011, Sindh Government restored again 5 districts of Karachi division.
On 12 June 2012, it was launched in Russia.
On 12 May 2016, it was said that Badreddine had been killed by an explosion causes by an airstrike near the Damascus International Airport.
On 12 November 2014 Philae landed but soon lost electrical power and radio contact.
On 12 September 1939 in Abbeville a conference took place.
On 13 July 1944 as the Soviet attack crossed the old Polish border, the Poles had to make a decision.
On 13 October 2015, Singapore Airlines announced that it had placed orders for seven Airbus A350-900ULR (Ultra-Long Range), which will see the return of non-stop flights between Singapore and both New York and Los Angeles.
On 14 June 2013 Hill-Wood stepped down and was replaced as chairman of Arsenal by Chip Keswick.
On 14 November 2013, following a fall a few weeks previously, Jones died at St Thomas' Hospital in London.
On 14 November, President Hollande announced three national days of mourning.
On 15 June 2011, the offices moved again to Miharu, Fukushima.
On 15 March 1947, the ward of Ōta was formed by combining the wards of Kamata and Ōmori.
On 15 March 2007, Morrisons said that it would stop its old branding and go for a more modern brand image.
On 15 May 2009, Coldplay released a live album, entitled LeftRightLeftRightLeft which was recorded at various shows during the tour.
On 15 October 2010 his resignation as Archbishop of Cebu was accepted by Pope Benedict XVI; he was replaced by Jose S. Palma, formerly Archbishop of Palo, on 13 January 2011. citation He was born in Mogpog, Marinduque.
On 16 March, Macron announced mandatory home order for 15 days starting at noon on 17 March.
On 17 December 1991, Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) was created by the state government for maintaining some of the developed nodes of Navi Mumbai.
On 17 July 1917 George V ordered the Royal Family to give up their German titles, and change German-sounding titles and house names for English-sounding versions.
On 17 October 1564 he was enrolled in Shrewsbury School.
On 18 March, the number of confirmed cases increased to 10, and the first death was announced, a 61-year old Italian who had been one of the first three confirmed.
On 18 September 2014, Samar met with the High Commissioner of Human Rights, Prince Zeid bin Ra'ad.
On 19 August, Vandegrift sent three companies of the U.S. 5th Marine Regiment to attack the Japanese troops west of the Matanikau.
On 1 April 1605, Cardinal Medici was elected pope.
On 1 April, the Officer came with a large cavalry force to disperse the protesting workers to make way for the owner.
On 1 August 1730, the last act of the play was shown for the Tottenham Court fair.
On 1 February, the blizzard reached from Oklahoma City up to Chicago.
On 1 January 2001 the former municipality of Vuippens merged into the municipality of Marsens.
On 1 January 2010, the new FIDE rating list was published.
On 1 July 2006 the number of ambulance trusts fell from 29 to 13 and they were replaced by regional services.
On 1 May 2019, three days before his coronation, Vajiralongkorn married Suthida Tidjai, former acting commander of Royal Thai Aide-de-Camp Department.
On 1 October of the same year he signed professionally by Hednesford Town F.C. for the next two years.
On 20 April 2007, shortly before the presidential election, there was a violent attack from militants.
On 20 July 1926, Tagore criticized and spoke out against Mussolini.
On 20 May 2008, a fire broke out at the Philharmonie.
On 21 April 2004 the original canvas of The Singing Butler sold at auction for £744,500.
On 21 January 2017, he became the oldest former president in French history.
On 21 July, the Home Army decided to launch Operation Tempest in Warsaw soon.
On 21 June 1982, Diana gave birth to the couple's first son, Prince William.
On 21 March, seven more cases were confirmed.
On 21 May 2007 the velodrome closed to be re-surfaced.
On 22 January 2013 Shakira gave birth to son Milan Piqué Mebarak.
On 24 August 1990, the Tajik SSR declared sovereignty in its borders and was renamed the "Republic of Tajikistan" on 31 August 1991, then finally declaring independence from the Soviet Union just a bit more than a week after.
On 24 August 2011, he scored his first goal of the new season.
On 24 June they killed more than 300 people in the cemetery.
On 24 November 2014, O'Farrell announced his intention not to stand for re-election at the 2015 NSW election and to retire from politics.
On 24 November 2018, he was re-elected as Premier of Victoria when Victorian Labor won the 2018 election in a landslide.
On 24 November 2018, Yang won the Kinmen County magistrate election.
On 25 April 2013 Bramall retired from service in the House of Lords.
On 25 August Peggy finally delivered to him Clinton's agreement to the terms.
On 25 February, 2019, in an advisory opinion, the International Court of Justice found that the United Kingdom "illegally" separated the Chagos Archipelago from Mauritius after its independence in 1968.
On 25 June 1812, she appeared with the Cayetano and Company circus in New York City and thus became the first elephant to be displayed in a circus in America.sfncheck She was exhibited for years and earned a considerable amount of money.
On 27 June 2019, Essebsi was hospitalized at a military hospital in Tunis under critical condition due to a "severe medical crisis".
On 2 Augusti 2007, the band appeared during the Stockholm Pride schlager evening, performing the songs "Sommaren i city" and "Venus Butterfly".
On 2 May, there were 76 confirmed cases and two deaths.
On 2 November 2013, Jack Alexander died aged 77. citation On 10 January 2020, the death of Tom Alexander was announced.
On 30 January, the Italian government stopped all flights to and from China and declared a state of emergency.
On 30 March the Australian Government said it would spend $130 billion on the "JobKeeper" wage subsidy program.
On 31 January 2018, Ramadan was taken into custody by French police.
On 3 December 2012, Challenge launched on the free-to-air satellite platform Freesat.
On 4 April 2017, Sir Tim was awarded the ACM A.M. Turing Prize for inventing the World Wide Web, the first web browser, and the fundamental protocols and algorithms allowing the Web to scale.
On 4 January 2012, Sparta Prague confirmed the appointment of Srníček to their coaching staff.
On 4 June 1821, he returned to England.
On 4 March 1142, at the age of 20, Frederick was crowned King of Germany.
On 4 March, a 95-year-old woman died at an aged care home in Sydney.
On 5 October 2009 he played his first match in the Norwegian Premier League against Viking.
On 6 January 2021, the party was re-registered as Reform UK. citation Farage stepped down as leader in March 2021, being replaced by party chairman Richard Tice.
On 6 March 2018, he announced his resignation from politics.
On 6 May, after having deliberated for a little over two hours, citation (subscription required) the jury found Brady guilty of all three murders and Hindley guilty of the murders of Downey and Evans.
On 6 November 1986, Manchester United appointed Ferguson as their manager.
On 7th February 1990, the Central Committee of the CPSU was forced to loosen its control over power.
On 8 May 2007, following the St. Andrew's Agreement Martin McGuiness was made the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland.
On 8 November 2004, the U.S. dollar was officially no longer accepted in Cuba (though unofficially it was).
On 9 April 2005, Prince Charles married Camilla Parker-Bowles, whom he had loved for many years.
On 9 September 1855 the Russians left Sevastopol.
On a computer an interrobang looks like this: ‽
On a Floorless Coaster riders sit with no floor underneath them, so their feet can swing freely just above the track.
Onam is a 10 day long festival celebrated in the beginning of the month of Chingam, the first month of the Malayalam Calendar (Kollavarsham).
On April 1, 2007 Niigata City became the largest Nihonkai coast city as a government-designated city.
On April 14, people dance and sing in the streets.
On April 16, 1967, the night before the third game of the Adams Cup play-off series versus the Oklahoma City Blazers, Mickey got into a car accident on a country road near Seward, Nebraska.
On April 2, 2020, Drake released the single "
On April 26, 2013, he announced that he was retiring from professional ice hockey to reporters in the locker room after the Sabres final regular season game against the New York Islanders.
On April 30, 2009, Twitter changed the way it looks on the web.
On April 9, 2019, Holzhauer broke the one-day record with $110,914, breaking the previous record of $77,000 set by Roger Craig in 2010.
On a rare occasion, a wrestler will use a flammable substance (like alcohol for example).
On a Reverse Polish Calculator, this is written as "12 Enter 3 /", to denote each declared ranking up of the stacks.
On a small island in Gmunden is the Schloss Ort.
On a trip to England in late May 1882, Barnum met a crowd of children on the street who were still angry that the elephant had been taken away.
On August 19 of the same year he could return in Florence, but he died after a few days, on August 29.
On August 20, a tropical wave organized into a tropical depression.
On August 2, 1963 the Men's High School of Santa Cruz was created.
On August 22, Tropical Depression Six strengthened to become Tropical Storm Danielle.
On August 25, the group held their first showcase in Tokyo Ariake Colliseum and on September 7th, Girls' Generation released their debut Japanese single, "GENIE", followed by "GEE" on October 20th.
On August 28, 2019, due his bad health, Isakson announced that he would resign from the Senate officially on December 31, 2019.
On average, around one million people visit it each year.
On average, W bosons only last for 3x10 -25 seconds before themselves decaying into other particles, which is why we had not discovered them until less than half a century ago.
On a wreath of colours, a terrestrial globe semée of bees volant, all proper.
On-board graphics chips are not powerful enough for graphically intensive tasks.
On Camazotz, all objects and places appear exactly alike because the whole planet must conform to the terrifying rhythmic pulsation of IT, a giant disembodied brain.
Once a clear meaning has been established, there is no need for further analysis.
Once again, the changes were hugely expensive.
Once again, Vézina led the league with the fewest goals against, while posting thirteen victories and seven losses.
Once all eligible adults have received an honor, the celebration comes to its highest point.
Once all three bags have been found, they will clip onto the rope again and make their way back through all the obstacles to the beach.
Once an enemy is set on fire, they will burn for several seconds, meaning they can die even if they have killed the Pyro that set them on fire.
Once Anna is born, her umbilical chord blood was used in treatments for Kate to save her life.
Once a person is a naturalized citizen, they have all of the same rights, protections, and duties as a person who was born in the United States.
Once awarded, the deputy commissioner, currently Bill Daly, would present the trophy to the winning team's captain.
Once a woman starts menstruating, she is capable of becoming pregnant.
Once captured by the ship's crew, they are forced to choose between helping a submarine in danger, which would reveal their whereabouts and put them at risk of being caught, or staying quiet.
Once compiled, it will run faster and doesn't need another application to run it.
Once EBV's initial infection is brought under control, non-active EBV stays in the person's B cells for the rest of their life.
Once fuel is added, the cap is replaced.
Once he was 15, he won a basketball scholarship to Xaverian High School, but dropped out as a junior to sell drugs.
Once, however, an ingenious stranger came and started to gather this filth in scows, to make lard out of; then the packers took the cue, and got out an injunction to stop him, and afterwards gathered it themselves.
Once immigrants arrive in the new countries, they can face many difficulties.
Once in Oregon he became active in Democratic Party activities, Elected to office first as Judge of the Probate Court for Lane County (1856), then as a legislator in the Territorial Legislature (1857).
Once Numbuh 3 powers up the treehouse, Numbuh 1 has decided to strike back at Count Spankulot.
Once Presidents leave office, they are granted by the Constitution of Paraguay the speaking-but-non-voting position of Senator for life.
Once river navigation has been stopped and all gates closed, then the Thames Barrier itself can be closed.
Once the Armies began to fight in the for the city, both sides began to feel that it was very important to win.
Once the ball is in play, the batter runs to first base, then waits until the next player hits the ball in order to advance to second base.
Once the circuit pattern is laid out, a negative image is printed out at exact size on a clear plastic sheet.
Once the Confederates were driven from New Mexico, Carson's commander Major James Henry Carleton, turned his attention to the Native Americans.
Once the editing has been completed, the original media is then re-assembled in the online editing stage.
Once the Helicobacter pylori infection is removed, the ulcer should heal.
Once the party's member score is calculated the list seats are given to each political party using the D'hondt formula.
Once the player goes through, she enters the testing rooms and begins testing.
Once there, they meet frustrated songwriter David Seville (
Once they are made active, B cells and T cells produce memory cells.
Once they are very hurt, you have to knock them off of the stage in some way.
Once they were safely out of her father's reach Baldwin married her.
Once this constant is determined, unknown concentrations can be determined from this relationship.
Once thought to be a fossil called Eozoön canadense.
Once training is completed, trainees will spend an apprenticeship period working on varying projects before becoming full-fledged katsas.
Once two wrestlers fell to the earth together, it was sometimes difficult to determine exactly what was happening, and disputes arose.
Once, when king Kartavirya Arjuna and his hunting party halted at the ashrama of Jamadagni, the father of Parashurama, and the sage was able to feed them all with the aid of the divine cow Kamadhenu.
On December 10, 1974, the Senate confirmed Rockefeller with a vote of 90–7.
On December 11, 2011, the band released their first release since 1998.
On December 14, it was announced that MNL48 will be having their first mini-concert at Movie Stars Cafe, Centris Station, Quezon Ave on December 23, 2018.
On December 19, Washi weakened into a tropical depression and dissipated.
On December 22, Henkel announced that the dispute with the Mercedes had been resolved with a mutual agreement and that legal action would not be pursued.
On December 25, 2004, the Huygens probe separated from the Cassini probe before moving down towards Titan's surface and landed there on January 14, 2005.
On December 5, 1923, Cesare Maria De Vecchi was named Governor in charge of the new colonial administration and promoted the process of complete pacification of the Somalia italiana, with the initial integration of the native population.
On December 6, 2011 Banks' first single "212" was released.
On December 6, 2017, the company said they were going to start using EOS.
On December 9, 2017, BMO Field hosted its second consecutive MLS Cup in 2017.
"on drug-related charges including possession with intent to sell cocaine."
One account goes as follows: "During the Late Cretaceous (94–64 Ma) sea level was up to 650 m higher than at the start of the Albian, when it was perhaps about the same as it is today.
On Earth, it is composed of the crust and the portion of the upper mantle that behaves elastically on time scales of thousands of years or greater.
One author has described Sabellius' teaching: The true question, therefore, turns on this, viz., what is it which constitutes what we name ‘person’ in the Godhead?
One big argument was over religion.
One Britannica website said in 2007 that 46% of the articles were revised in the past three years; citation but another Britannica web-site says only 35% of the articles were revised.
One cadil was to be 0.001 cubic metres.
One can see many rubble walls on the side of the hills and in valleys where the land slopes down and consequently the soil is in greater danger of being carried away.
One captured Dăneşti prince was forced to read his own funeral speech while he kneeled at an open grave before his execution.
One complication of this route of excretion is the enterohepatic shunt.
One could reach to the first floor by the staircase made of red sand stone, which was provided on the northern side.
One count each for the 13 unarmed soldiers he killed and one count for each of the 32 people he shot at.
One day as the elder princess is walking in the forest to ease her sorrow, she is approached by Rickey who has fallen in love with her.
One day in September 1826, Eliza was chatting with classmates from Rhea Academy when she spotted Andrew Johnson and his family pull into town with all their belongings.
One day Moses was tending his father-in-law, Jethro's, sheep and came to Mount Horeb.
One day, Thapki saves Vasundhara from a falling deity.
One day the mirror names Snow White as the fairest.
One difference between a variety and a manifold is that a variety may have singular points, while a manifold will not.
One division of Ewell's Corps had attacked the Union I Corps just after noon.
One division, the Nordland Division, escaped and was caught outside Berlin.
One early e-book was the desktop prototype for a proposed notebook computer, the Dynabook, in the 1970s at PARC: a general-purpose portable personal computer capable of displaying books for reading.
One engineer and one physicist invested a capital of about $1,600 to create a company which would include 20 employees.
One example is a John Cena prank phone call.
One example is the Sierpinski triangle, where there are an infinite number of small triangles inside the large one.
One example of this might be a building’s fire control system sending a notice that a smoke detector has found smoke.
One famous band is the Grimethorpe Colliery Band.
One fine day, much to his disgust, Mohor joins the matrimonial company as Rishi’s boss.
One for major civil cases and the other for criminal cases.
One gets such a Guru only as a result of past meritorious actions."
Oneg Shabbat, which means "enjoying Shabbat", is an important part of the day.
One Hindu goddess, Bhoomi (भूमि), is usually shown in the form of a cow.
One historian calculated that, between 1801 and 1845, there had been 114 commissions and 61 special committees enquiring into the state of Ireland.
One HouseGuest, known as the Head of Household, must nominate two of their fellow HouseGuests for eviction.
O'Neill has been married to Catherine Rusoff since 1986.
One in every twenty seven Jewish American has one defective gene and can give Tay-Sachs the defective gene to their child.
One is a long drawn-out sound hmmmmmm.
One is asking for money, the other revenge.
One is harder than the other.
One is nami and the other is nobi.
One is the coach yelling at his own players.
One is the "contact mode", where the tip is simply moved across the surface and the cantilever deflections are measured.
One likely reason is that TCM pharmacists rarely, if ever, use the Latin names of the herbs.
One line led to the modern DNA polymerases and reverse transcriptases.
One man fell overboard by 5 p.m. and drowned.
One manual of English usage described italics as "the print equivalent of underlining".
One militia group was assigned to stay at each blockhouse.
One morning, they take a walk in the woods while their porridge cools.
One negative would serve for local use and another for foreign distribution.
One night, Jun gets attacked by Ogre and now is either missing or possibly dead.
One night Set measured Osiris to make a tomb for him.
One night, sounds of explosions broke the silence.
One night, the two of them go out skating in the fountain.
"One Night" which topped at no.
One of 20th Century Fox's most popular movie stars from the 1940s to the 1960s, Peck continued to play important roles well into the 1990s.
One of Bin Laden's most infamous beliefs was that civilians, including women and children, are legitimate targets of jihad.
One of his books was called "The Living End".
One of his cellos was played by Beatrice Harrison.
One of his early decisions was to give powers back to the parlements that had been taken away in the later reign of Louis XV.
One of his songs was titled "How Can I Miss You When You Won't Go Away?"
One of his sons played in a band.
One of his sons sees Noah lying naked and laughs at his father.
One of his workers is named Fantine.
One of Khersuriani's best friend is another wheelchair fencer from Georgia, Temo Dadiani also from Abkhazia.
One of Madigan's chief Democratic deputies in the House is Gary Hannig, who often handles budget issues.
One of many forms of the Eye of Ra.
'One of my Swiss relatives discovered gold in this country.'
"One of numerous camp meetings held throughout South Jersey in the late 19th century, the Grove was named for Rev. Charles Pitman, a noted Methodist evangelist who died in 1854.
One of the 4 surviving mutineers fell off a cliff while drunk.
One of the best examples is the one of Split/Spalato.
One of the criticisms that more has been done to the series is the inverosimilitud the scenes of combat, as they give the characters impossible cartwheels, walk the walls and even move objects with the mind.
One of the early and comprehensive reference books on the art of Desktop Publishing is Desktop Publishing For Everyone by K.S.V. Menon.
One of the few changes was made in 1956.
One of the first acts of Cyrus was to allow these exiles to return to their own homes, carrying with them the images of their god and their sacred vessels.
One of the first things he did as president was to meet directly with the company's 40 department heads and 150 other employees.
One of the governor's thoughts was that all people need to be educated.
One of the important things of the mind in this sense is that it is private.
One of the landmarks of Saltash is the Royal Albert Bridge, 1859, which carries the railway line across the River Tamar.
One of the last decrees of Struensee was to create the town of Christiansfeld, where people from the Moravian Church found shelter.
One of the less-visited caverns in the area is called McKeown's Hole, however there is no actual evidence of his existence.
One of the main ways that sports psychologists use is to help athletes meet their goals.
One of them is Discurso sobre a Vida e Morte de Santa Isabel Rainha de Portugal that was published in Lisbon in 1596.
One of the most bizarre events described was that Roman Catholic priests in the Jasenovac concentration camp working every day on the most gruesome ways to kill the camp inmates, while they went to chapel regularly each day to pray to God.
One of the most important books of this tradition is The Jewel Ornament of Liberation which was written by Gampopa.
One of the most important was the belief that people had the ability to choose between right and wrong.
One of the most successful and longest-lived projects of Cosworth has been its CART / Champ Car engine program.
One of them shot Garfield the same year, and killed him.
One of them was Horace Anderson, and he was 19 years old.
One of them was the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
One of the pilots put it out.
One of the primary purposes of the London Assembly is to hold the Mayor of London to account.
One of the prominent landmarks of Gwalior is Gwalior Fort of the Tomara dynasty.
One of the recording sessions for "Getting Better" is famous for an incident involving Lennon.
One of these mountain ranges is called the Aleutian Range.
One of these people, Doug Cherry, is mentioned by name in Cosgrove's 9-1-1 call.
One of these techniques is called "nursing", and made scoring much easier.
One of these titles, The Gentle Art of Verbal Self-Defense by Suzette Haden Elgin, has sold over 250,000 copies.
One of the side-effects of Aspirin is that it makes the blood thinner.
One of the songs, "25 Minutes to Go" was later be performed at Folsom Prison and appeared on Cash's famous At Folsom Prison recording in 1968.
One of the story's settings is Republic City, a "metropolis powered by steam-type technology", "inhabited by people from all four nations".
One of the tests that is usually required for an examination is some sight-reading.
One of the town's parks is named after him.
One of those killed by the bomb hit on Yorktown was Milton Ernest Ricketts.
One of two recovered photographs from the Stirling City Library blaze.
One opening, called the oral siphon, sucks water into the animal; the other opening, called the atrial siphon, squirts water out of the animal.
One or more contestants would walk on.
One part of the castle is said to be haunted.
One part of this is sensory integration.
One person (known in Spanish as the cebador) assumes the task of server.
One person was killed in Culebra.
One person who reviewed it said that it "as a whole doesn't measure up" when compared to the better songs on it.
One pew end shows a wolf and dragon, from whose mouths vine and hop grows.
One player by team can be the commander who issues instructions on his team.
One player thinks of a word, phrase, or sentence, and the other players have to try and guess it.
One popular noodle soup, "Guay Teow," is made from rice noodles or egg noodles with beef, pork, and chicken stock.
One problem made an appearance due to the developing casino chips which was cheating.
One purpose for the surcoat was to protect armour from the rain.
One rang to call the cats for their food.
One reason for this is to give people a break from all the things that make them busy during the week.
One reason is that old cities often have a city wall, and most of the city is inside it.
One road goes towards El Hamma and another towards Limaya.
One species, Rhamphosuchus crassidens of India, is believed to have grown to an enormous 15 metres or more.
One star, S2, orbits Sgr A* at speeds of over 5,000 kilometers per second at its closest approach.
One subject was the recent debates on the pending Healthcare Reform Bill.
One that is legally binding on both sides and enforceable in the courts.
One third of the network was closed by the highly critical Beeching report of the 1960s.
One thousand people attended.
One thread is made up of as many as 48 individual silk filaments.
One type of English variation used is rhyming slang.
One U.S. plane was shot down, killing two soldiers.
One VOA staff explains that the main goal of Special English is for the listener to understand the content of what is being broadcast, and to make steady progress in English.
One was the Noord-Brabants-duitse Spoorweg-Maatschappij, or NBDS, often called S for short.
One way to measure economic development is ''human development.
One Wild Oat is a 1951 British comedy movie directed by Charles Saunders and was based on the play of the same name by Vernon Sylvaine.
One year after the fight at Badr, the army of Mecca had outside help.
One year later in 2006 the tow Parties signed a contract for 67 helicopters.
On February 10, 1994, the Brazilian military stopped running the Space Program, which then became the Brazilian Space Agency.
On February 10, 2005, Miller died of heart disease.
On February 1, 2013, Apple told developers that they could begin using appstore.com for links to their apps.
On February 16, there were at least 20 direct deaths and 13 indirect deaths caused by the storm; citation citation citation by February 19, the death toll had risen to at least 70, including 58 people in the United States and 12 people in Mexico.
On February 23, 2012, the case against David Gabriel "Gabe" Watson was dismissed by Judge Tommy Nail in a Birmingham, Alabama County Court.
On February 26, 2015, he died as a result of injuries sustained from a gunshot wound.
On February 26, 2015, Mysterio's contract with the WWE ended and he left after 13 years with the company.
On February 27, 1860, Ottawa County was founded.
On February 27, 2014, JYP trainees Lena and Cecila were confirmed as members of the group called 6mix, while other rumored members included Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Jihyo and Minyoung.
On February, ITZY released their debut single album, IT'z Different, and the music video for its lead single DALLA DALLA.
On Great Lakes bulk freighters this is the term used for the deck over the cargo holdsmain.
On Green beach at the same time that No. 4 Commando had landed, the South Saskatchewan Regiment went towards Pourville.
On his second attempt he successfully escaped the prison camp and made his way through the mountains of southwestern Germany.
On his way back, Scott and three companions met a blizzard and froze to death while waiting for it to finish.
On Iceland, there are volcanic eruptions about every three years.
On January 16, 1935, Barker and her son, Fred, were killed by federal agents in Ocklawaha, Florida.
On January 18th, Younha left Korea to continue her music career in Japan.
On January 20, 2009, it was announced that Voinovich had been appointed to the Appropriations Committee.
On January 21, 2003, he was involved in an off-ice incident.
On January 21, 2021, he began receiving end-of-life care at the Franklin Medical Center for a terminal illness.
On January 23, 2008, Bronstein announced that he was leaving his job as editor of the Chronicle.
On January 28, 2000, another fire burned several buildings on Main Street.
On January 3, 1980, Abel held a news conference to announce that the "reports of my demise have been grossly exaggerated."
On January 6, 2011, Cavanagh was found dead in the parking garage of Providence Place Mall.
On January 6, 2011, Cellucci announced his amyotrophic lateral sclerosis diagnosis, and that it was progressing relatively slowly.
On January 6, 2014, he was named to the Czech Republic's men's Olympic team roster, citation but he suffered a leg injury on January 31 which prevented him from being able to take part in the Olympics.
On joining Pakistan, Quetta was made the capital city of the newly created province of Balochistan.
On July 10, 2007 it was revealed that the Canadian Olympic Committee had worked on a potential bid for the 2020 or 2024 games for Toronto, the capital of Ontario and the largest city in Canada.
On July 1, 1916, they married.
On July 1, 1927, the village was incorporated into Alikovsky District and on December 20, 1962 it was transferred to Vurnarsky District.
On July 15, 2008, Jenkins obtained permanent residency status in Japan, just half a month after he applied for the status.
On July 15, the system was enhanced to a tropical depression.
On July 21, 2014, Sobotka received a one-year, $2.725 million award from an arbitrator.
On July 30 and 31 of 2009, Krakowski played the title character in a reading of Mrs. Sharp, with music and lyrics by Ryan Scott Oliver and book by Kirsten A. Guenther, at Playwrights Horizons.
On July 4, 2012 released their new work, the mixtape "Corporação".
On July 7, 2010 of that year it switched to a Contemporary Christian format.
On July 7, 2013, NTSB investigators found the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder.
On July 7, he instructed his assistant to make a second receiver which could be used with the first, and a few days later they were tried together, at each end of the line, which ran from a room in the inventor's house at Boston to the cellar underneath.
On July 9, 2005, Mei Xiang gave birth to Tai Shan, who went to China in February 2010.
On June 11, 2013, Kaine delivered a speech on the Senate floor in support of the bipartisan "Gang of Eight" immigration bill.
On June 1, 2005, Business Wire entered the German Ad-Hoc market with a disclosure network for companies with primary or secondary listings on the Deutsche Boerse.
On June 12, 2014, Clay was released from his WWE contract.
On June 1st, 2011, they released their first Japanese studio album Girls' Generation.
On June 2011 bought Tayfun Badak a biostore.
On June 2, 1921, Smith applied for a commercial pilot’s license.
On June 21, the JMA upgraded the system into a tropical storm and named it Haima, with the JTWC following suit on June 22.
On June 22, 2020, the City of Seattle said that the people in the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone had to leave.
On June 24, 2010, the Supreme Court vacated part of Skilling's conviction and sent the case back to the lower court for further proceedings.
On June 30, 2015, the song was certified six-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for selling over six million downloads in the United States alone.
On June 5, 2020, Biden passed the threshold of 1,991 delegates, securing the nomination.
On June 5, Brown gave the press copies of money orders payable to "Sulaimon Brown for Mayor" from relatives of Howard Brooks, including Brook's son (Peyton Brooks), the son's girlfriend, and a cousin of Brook's wife.
On Labor Day weekend in September 1973, Governor Bowen declared amnesty for a group of inmates that took hostages and rioted at the Indiana State Prison.
Online stores may also discuss business conditions and a Complaints Procedure.
Only 1000 copies were released, and it was on available on 7" vinyl.
Only 36 islands have inhabitants.
Only 50 amor asteroids are named.
Only about 20% of the total area is cultivable; another 33% is forested; most of the rest is mountainous.
Only about half belonged to unions.
Only a Day after they Attacked they Already Controlled Much of Albania but continued to fight the Invasion ended on April 12, after Albania surrendered All of Albania was under Italian control by April 10 though.
Only a few hundred of the Virginians reached the Union line.
Only a few nearby farms exist.
Only a few thousand blacks enlisted before the war ended.
Only a few very special kinds of grapes may be used to produce the brandy.
Only a few women remain as slaves for the aliens.
Only around two-thirds of the participants can qualify.
Only a tremendous force and the commitment of all war material can bring the German wild steer to reason.
Only available on Songs from the Superunknown.
Only certain things can get through these cells and reach the brain.
Only fertilised eggs grow into females, unfertilised ones grow into males.
Only heir to Sevenwaters.
Only his mom took care of him and his sisters.
Only includes standalone events.
Only Kaiten Maru will enter the Battle of Miyako Bay.
Only later were they translated into medieval scientific Hebrew so that they could be read by the Ashkenazic Jews of Europe.
Only nine were built.
Only one member of the jury was black.
Only one of every 3000 calico cats are male.
Only one Pacer (the modernised 144e) follows this rule right now.
Only one son, Anthonie, who was not home that day, survived.
Only people who are computer hardware experts should attempt to overclock their computers.
Only post office workers and the person or organization renting the box from the post office can get into the PO box.
Only private cars with not more than three occupants are allowed on the road.
Only Schaper's game had a free-standing cootie though.
Only six car ran in the race, and Karthikeyan finished fourth.
Only six Hourglass dolphins have been examined by scientists.
Only six presidential elections from 1888 to the present have resulted in Republicans failing to win the county, with the last of these being in 1964.
Only small rivers flow into the lake.
Only Sodermajer and Živanović remained of the old members.
Only the arms and maybe the legs would move.
Only the Constitutional Court can handle some types of cases, including arguments between government bodies about their constitutional powers.
Only the device with the token can transmit.
Only the first two stanzas (which are highlighted in bold) are officially part of the anthem.
Only the gene of interest differs between the cells, with all other genes being kept the same.
Only the important people could drink it.
Only the rocks are counted when we discover the soil texture.
Only the staff of research stations live in the territory.
Only the top two athletes from her heat qualified to move on to the next event.
Only twelve episodes were ever broadcast.
Only two women were elected to the 19-seat legislature.
Only when the FPGA is given a configuration that contains a processor-architecture it has the ability to run software.
Only when the ruler is lined up right, will it fit.
Only yes-or-no questions were supposed to be asked by the panel, but this was often relaxed.
On March 15, Oates told his friends that he could not go on.
On March 18, 1963, the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that Gideon was right.
On March 18 2013, Sir Tim, along with Vinton Cerf, Robert Kahn, Louis Pouzin and Marc Andreesen, was awarded the Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering for "ground-breaking innovation in engineering that has been of global benefit to humanity."
On March 19, 1968, the Rev.
On March 2, 2015, he was appointed commander of the armed forces loyal to the elected, internationally backed legislative body, the Libyan House of Representatives.
On March 23, 1692, a warrant was issued for Rebecca's arrest on suspicion of witchcraft.
On March 24, 2007, after a strong spring training, it was announced Smith would be on the Mets' 25-man roster.
On March 29, 2006, Abramoff and Kidan were both sentenced in the SunCruz case to the minimum amount of 70 months.
On March 29, 2021 Baby Blue released teasers for their third album or single, the group continues to release teasers such as pre-saved posters and audio snippets.
On March 4, 1987, Reagan himself apologized to the American people and said it was all his fault.
On March 5, 2010, Stuckey had a seizure on the bench during a game and collapsed in his trainer's arms, and was taken to the hospital.
On March 7, 2011, the network fired Charlie Sheen from Two and a Half Men.
On March 8, 2010, Impact! permanently moved to Monday nights to compete head-to-head with Raw.
On marriage, he and wife Joanna Irranca both changed their surnames to Irranca-Davies.
On May 12, Grant attacked the Mule Shoe with several thousand men.
On May 2, 2012, Seau was found dead in his home by his girlfriend from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the chest.
On May 30, 2008, Sheen married Brooke Mueller.
On May 6, 2021, Bottoms announced that she would not seek reelection as mayor of Atlanta in the 2021 election.
On May 8, Jackson's forces attacked Milroy's Union forces at McDowell.
On May 8th, 2020 Gov. Steve Sisolak allowed phase 1 re-opening of Nevada's economy, allowing restaurants and other previously non essential businesses to open.
On midnight of 15th August 1947, Britain handed India its formal political Independence.
On most computers localhost resolves to the IP address 127.0.0.1.
On November 11, 2010, Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows released their first song, "If You Think This Song Is About You, It Probably Is."
On November 13, 2003, Graziano was sentenced to nine years in prison on the New York charges.
On November 16, 2010, Cooper released an EP titled Touch The Sky.
On November 17, 2003 an album called Number Ones was released.
On November 18, 1957, the Maple Leafs traded Conacher back to the Rangers for $15,000.
On November 19, 1834, Franklin Pierce married Jane Means Appleton.
On November 19, 1942, he was sentenced to death for conspiring against His Majesty's government and for treason.
On November 19, 1990, the Azerbaijan SSR was renamed the "
On November 19, 2001, Linkin Park Underground, Linkin Park's fan club, was made.
On November 2, 2005, "Super Junior 05" made their official debut as a twelve-member group on SBS's Popular Songs, performing their first single "TWINS".
On November 25, 1991, he was elected in the National Assembly.
On November 28, 2013, scans of three unpublished Salinger stories were uploaded to the Internet.
On November 3, 2009, Jon Corzine lost re-election for another four years as governor.
On November 3, 2017 the album Red Pill Blues was released.
On November 5, he returned to the Conservatory of Naples and shortly after he moved to Milan where he continued his musical studies.
On November 6, 2013, after more than a year of inactivity, Miss A made her comeback with a second studio album titled Hush.
On November 7, 2008, Horwath officially launched her campaign to become the leader of the Ontario New Democrats.
On November 8, 1614, together with 300 Japanese Christians he left his home country from Nagasaki.
On November 9, 2015, the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine announced that Vasyl Virastyuk had become a Border Guard Inspector (serving his term at Lviv Airport).
On October 1, 1890, Robert Harris and his sons, Robert and Charles, printed the first issue of The Wellington Times.
On October 11th, 2019, Shepard Smith announced he stepped down from Fox News after 23 years; it was also Shepard Smith Reporting's final airing.
On October 14, hurricane notices were put up for Bermuda when the storm began heading their direction.
On October 15, 2014, Todd Orlando signed a pro contract to play for the Elmira Jackals of the East Coast Hockey League for the 2014-2015 season.
On October 16 2008 Paper Towns was published.
On October 19, 1874, the Royal University of Franz Joseph I was officially opened.
On October 19, 2009, Greg Selinger became the Premier.
On October 19, 2015, Trudeau and the Liberals won the most seats in the federal election.
On October 29, 1944, in a wooded area in the vicinity of Biffontaine, France, Private Hajiro initiated an attack up the slope of a hill referred to as "Suicide Hill" by running forward approximately 100 yards under fire.
On October 30, 2002, at 7:30 pm, citation an unknown person shot Mizell in New York City.
On October 30, he appointed diplomat Tarek Bettaïeb as head of the presidential cabinet, General Mohamed Salah Hamdi as national security advisor, while Tarek Hannachi led the protocol.
On October 3, 2009, Clement competed in his last match with ECCW before he went to Prairie Wrestling Alliance.
On one side, the belt is used for transport, on the other, it travels back the distance.
On one side there is a monkey face on it.
Ono trusted Pang, and suggested her as a companion for Lennon, knowing he wanted to see other women.
On reaching them she towed the boy to the shore while he supported himself by grasping the straps of her costume and his leader's coat.
On September 17, 2015, Neugebauer announced he would not seek reelection to an eighth term in the 2016 elections.
On September 20, 1870 Italian troops invaded.
On September 2, 1999, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service established the Navassa Island Wildlife Refuge as an overlay.
On September 2, 2018, Brown was arrested for a fourth time after breaking into his friend's restaurant and trying to change the locks.
On September 8, 1522 Elcano and his crew reached Spain completing Magellan's expedition.
On September 9, 2008, Apple replaced the colors from September 2007 with colors blue, green, pink and red.
On Sokker, you can choose whether your club will have a youth school or not.
On summer 2012 he went back to Fotbal Club Oțelul Galați.
On that day Trikalayanam( marriage of goddess Bhadrakali, based on Chilapathikaram )takesplaces.
On that occasion several awards are given to the talented people.
On the 31th of October, the date on which the list of countries taking part in 2017 was published by the EBU, Kazakhstan wasn´t named as a participating country.
On the airport's southern border, Saudi Aramco occupies an area of 250 km² (97 mi²) which is used for oil drilling and transportation facilities.
On the basis of his reputation, he was granted the position of coxswain upon joining the NZHRM without having to prove his qualifications.
On the contrary, the vector b × c may form with a an internal angle β larger than 90° (0° ≤ β ≤ 180°).
On the east side, opposite the Kola peninsula, is Mezen Bay.
"On the Edge of Magellanic Clouds" is a book with a non-linear storyline.
On the evening of April 28, around 720 men of the 68th crossed the river to the rear of the Maori line.
On the evening of the 6th day, Soorasamharam (correcting sooran) will be held at every Murugan temple around the world.
On the first lunar approach, Hiten released a small orbiter.
On the ground floor are entrance doors.
On the harp it is the other way round (the harpist sits with the high notes nearest to his body).
On the Internet there are many online discussions in Esperanto about different topics.
On their honeymoon he hides from her and she gives him the choice of her old ugly self, who would never cheat on him or a pretty woman who might cheat on him.
On the June 10, 2002 edition of Raw, McMahon became the only owner of World Wrestling Entertainment when he defeated Flair in a No Holds Barred match.
On the main day of the festival the huge idol of Lord Bikshatanar is taken through the streets.
On the May 1, 2006 version of Raw, Joey Styles said he was quitting (
On the Morning Joe broadcast on March 8, 2011, Adrian Fenty backed Wisconsin Republican Governor Scott Walker's union-busting bill and said that the Democratic state senators should be held accountable.
On the morning of December 28, 2009, Sullivan was found dead in his Huntington Beach home.
On the Move: A Life.
On the next day they would eat, so eating occurred every second day.
On the night of February 17 the main attack was done.
On the night of May 24th, 1856, Brown set out with seven others to the pro-slavery town of Pottawatomie Creek.
On the November 6th episode of WWE Main Event, he once again teamed with Hunico and they made their first televised tag team match since July 2012 against the Usos but lost.
On the official website, a video of DeLuna doing a choreography to the song is shown on the front page.
On the other hand, an animal may be upset when it cannot see its trainer, so it might not give the right answer.
On the other hand, “big government” involves a great amount of intervention by the state.
On the other hand, each time he breathes in and breathes out correctly, he extends the amount of time when he can continue to fight.
On the other hand, if a club does not enforce its rules, levels of contact may be negotiable between the participants.
On the other hand, it is widely used in academic writing and interfaith discussion.
On the other hand, no one has taken issue with his edits, only his assumed persona, so perhaps the real lesson of this democratic medium is that college drop-outs might be as authoritative as professors."
On the other hand, some experts started to consider improvements for FDM.
On the other hand, stimulation of the posterior part led to extreme excitement and defensive behaviour.
On the other hand, the first period may happen a bit later when a girl grows up in a large family with her natural father around.
On the other hand, there are species which look absolutely identical, but which do not breed together (
On the other hand, the use of liquid-based systems inside a data center could have some cons.
On the other side, the electrodes are also grouped (typically in rows), with each group getting a voltage sink.
On the outside, there are often lots of fancy bits along the edge of the roof and on the tops of buttresses and above the windows.
On the penis can be applied piercings and it can be tattooed as a body art form.
On the piano the Middle C key is C4.
On the scripted level, a Worked shoot is a scripted segment that takes place in a show with elements of reality being exposed, such as an off-screen incident between wrestlers being used as fuel for an on-screen rivalry between them.
On the second song, "Praise chorus" they mention old songs such as our house in the middle of the street.
On the Slashdot website, people can comment on the news.
On the stone was inscribed, “This is the resting place of the illustrious and merciful monarch, the most great sultan, the most mighty warrior, Lord Timur, Conqueror of the World.”
On the sudden death of the very popular John Buchan in 1940 Canada was without a Governor General in time of war.
On the surface, this is a story about religion.
On the TLC Tip in 1992.
On the way to the Tower of Spirits, the tracks fade from under Link's train and the tower breaks into pieces.
On the western side are the Jelovac, Pušića potok, Svinjara and Jošavka.
On this day, the moon becomes the full moon.
On this occasion she was attacked by a group of men who made the attempt to kidnap her and take her south where they expected to sell her and derive quite a profit.
On top of all this, Capcom did not hire Hideki Kamiya (the first game's director), but hired a mystery director whose name was never shared outside of Capcom.
On track he won two European medals in the madison event in 1967 and 1968.
On typical projects, Terrazzo can realistically contribute to five LEED credits: MRcr4 (2), MRcr5 (2) EQcr4 (1).
On windy days, the elevators are slowed down to a convert.
Ooi, Jeff (2005). citation Retrieved on 6 November 2005.
Opah flesh has a light pink-to-orange color.
Opcodes are seldom used by programmers directly.
Open-Air Theatre, Chichester Festival Theatre, Plymouth Drum and the Hampstead Theatre.
Opened in 1900, the depot consisted of four long sidings and primarily dealt with coal and building materials.
' opening to his work on medicine.
Open Season: Scared Silly was first announced on June 11, 2015. citation The first trailer was released on November 1, 2015.
Open up his own toy shop (succeeded).
Operation Amsterdam is a 1959 British World War II action movie directed by Michael McCarthy and was based on the novel Adventures in Diamonds by David E. Walker.
Ophiolite concept and its evolution.
Ophiurids move quickly when disturbed, and are faster movers than starfish.
Opium has been used and produced for thousands of years.
Opposite the castle, an ancient wine press was found, which probably belonged to the fortress' guards.
Optical double stars may actually be far apart in space, but binary stars are quite close together.
Orangutans are not comfortable on the ground since they have to push themselves along with fists.
Or, at the very least, helped repair it when it needed to be fixed.
Orchard Road has the Istana at the southern end of the road, which is the official house for the President of Singapore.
Orchestra gave their concerts there.
" or "country houses" in English than as "castles".
Ordinary varieties Awamori, are aged about 6 months, but are made and much more aged varieties - 20 and 25 years of aging.
Ordinary window cleaner and a paper towel do a nice job of removing the oil.
; or doing other regular daily activities.
Or do they only give us an illusion?
Ordway served as a member of the faculty at The University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH) from 1970 to 1973, and he was awarded an honorary doctorate by UAH in 1992.
Oregon State System of Higher Education, Eugene, Oregon.
Oregon was the 33rd state to join the United States, in 1859.
Organisations such as churches and community services assist them.
Organised research about space in India was led by two scientists: Vikram Sarabhai and Homi Bhaba. citation citation Bhaba was the secretary of the Department of Atomic Energy when it was founded in 1950.
Organizations, places, companies, or other things that were founded or established in Australia in the 20th century.
Organizations, places, companies, or other things that were founded or established in Belize in the 20th century.
Organizations, places, companies, or other things that were founded or established in Chile in the 19th century.
Organizations, places, companies, or other things that were founded or established in Mexico in the 14th century.
Organizations, places or other things founded or established in the 660s.
Organizations, places or other things founded or established in the 700s.
Organizations, places or other things founded or established in the 750s.
Organizations, places or other things founded or established in the 800s.
Organolithium reagents such as butyllithium are widely commercially available.
Orie L. Philips; Eberhard P. Deutsch, 'Pitfalls of the Genocide Convention', American Bar Association Journal, Vol 56 (July 1970), p. 644 More recently a third term, "lawful orders", has been used for the same defense.
Orienti writes, "Guillemet looks pompous and stupid, Jenny Clauss a stereotype, and the painting as a whole seems to suffer from the uneven distribution of the figures." citation The press considered the painting "discordant".
Originally 180 miles/290km long, the western end of the trail began east of San Bernardino in the San Gorgonio Pass.
Originally born as Simone Spooner, her name was traded for Carrie after her father lost it in a card game.
Originally, it meant "a scholarly analysis and balanced judgement".
Originally it was the home of the Iquito native tribe.
Originally, Juan was estimated to peak as a 65 mph tropical storm.
Originally named the Detroit Cougars, the team was renamed to the Detroit Falcons in 1930; in 1932, the team's name was changed to the Detroit Red Wings and has remained the same since.
Originally released in 1998, the Yarudora (an abbreviation of Yaru Dorama which translates to "Drama that You Do") series of games all followed a central theme where a girl with amnesia enters the player's life.
Originally shuttles were passed back and forth by hand.
Originally, Sirius B had about five times the mass of the Sun.
Originally, their intention was to pick up 40,000 British soldiers, and it was anticipated the Germans would try to stop them.
Originally the series was reserved for de-icing and, later, sandite units.
Originally, the word was used informally in a rather vague way, but now there are at least 26 different ways it is used.
Originating in the infant’s protection, the primary purpose of attachment soon became to support brain development.
Or it could be square, like two tunnels crossing each other.
Or maybe a man and woman do not want any children at all in order to focus on their own lives, jobs, or each other.
Or maybe they knew what to decide but did not want to be the ones to decide it.
Ormonde was great friends with Charles II and the queen mother in Paris.
Or, more literally, "Great Natures."
Ornamental Plants and Floral Centre (ศูนย์ไม้ดอกไม้ประดับ) Various plant nurseries that grow a large variety of ornamental plants and flora which are sold to every corner of the country.
Orson Pratt, American religious leader (b.
" or "the lesser dog".
Orthodox hierarch, head of the UOC-MP (since 1992), internal bleeding.
Ortmann first represented Europe at the Mosconi Cup in the first competition in 1994 with the USA winning 16–12. citation The following year, Ortmann competed in the Continent's first win, and Ortmann was also on the winning side in 2002.
Osaman was born on November 9, 1988 in the state of Edo, Nigeria.
Osbourne released his first solo album, Blizzard of Ozz in 1980.
Oson was his landlord during 1729.
Osten quit the game at Morgan's tribal council.
Osteons have a hole down the middle, called the haversian canal.
Ostermann was ordained on 11 February 1958.
Oster's article identified and assembled the scattered pieces of relevant research since Dove, offering fresh insight (and new laboratory findings) to research on binaural beats.
Oswiu made the decision in favor of the Roman practice, uniting Northumbria under one religion.
Oswiu was the king of Bernicia and was acknowledge as overlord of Deira.
Othe military divers do work to remove obstructions and explosive devices like mines.
Other areas with a temperate climate can have very unpredictable weather.
Other band members, such as Jay Bentley, also write songs, but very rarely.
Other calculations and arguments have been made to support this.
Other castles followed.
Other changes had to be made for the car to meet US laws.
Other colors like red, white, and blue can mean there is a problem.
Other committees may be appointed as necessary.
Other common mental symptoms include: Murray ED, Buttner N, Price BH.
Other composers have used it in their compositions, e.g.
Other composers would later write music that is also in all 24 major and minor keys.
Other discoveries include Purkinje images, reflections of objects from structures of the eye, and the Purkinje shift, the change in the brightness of red and blue colours as light intensity decreases gradually at dusk.
Other doctors are called 'specialists'.
Other early forms include "chipmuck" and "chipminck".
Other estimations from Armenian foundations in Syria range from 70,000 to 80,000.
Other European royals also fêted him.
Other examples exist of the young actually being born.
Other exports are copper, palm oil and coffee.
Other famous spots are the Police Barracks known as Les Casernes and the Port Louis Waterfront.
Other features are consistent with its being a basal dinosaur.
Other forms of a lexeme are usually listed later in the entry.
Other important buildings include the nursing home, the Junction Hotel, Finn's Building, the Victoria Hotel, the former Bank of NSW and the former CBC Bank.
Other important sites in the governorate are Wadi Mukattab and Wadi Feiran.
Other kinds of plaster are used for buildings and other purposes.
Other large towns in the county are Knin, Drniš and Skradin.
Other makers have adopted their own names and styles.
Other male sex glands push out at the same time.
Other mamluks held power in some other Muslim countries.
Other mammals have either wholly separated uteri or uteri which are fused along part of their length.
Other mammals may express TLRs that are not found in humans.
Other medical groups such as the National Institute for Clinical Excellence recommend routine imaging only in babies younger than 6 months old or who have unusual findings.
Other medicines "slow down how fast the brain works" so people with rapid thoughts can be in control of what they think and how they behave.
Other members of the band include Pete Crabbe, playing rhythm and base guitar, Denis Williams playing drums, Brian Foster and Joey Graham singing vocals.
Other metrics include floral waste content (i.e. the saffron spice sample's non-stigma floral content) and measurements of other extraneous matter such as inorganic material ("ash").
Other mutants do not like their mutation and begin lining up at Alcatraz Island to get the cure.
Other names are 'miniature calculator' or 'mini calculator'.
Other names are used for corduroy.
Other nationalities make up for another 2% of the country.
Other nature reserves were also set up.
Other newspapers include the Hartford Business Journal ("Greater Hartford's Business Weekly") and the weekly Hartford News.
Other notable 7-Eleven fuel suppliers also include Star Fuels.
Other people in the LCMS called Concordia Theological Seminary the "practical seminary", because it tried to teach men to become pastors quickly.
Other people think there may be up to 1 million people who live in the city.
Other people work and make things to buy.
Other philosophers contend that nouns do not always name entities.
Other political prisoners on Buru with Pramoedya were able to meet some of these women.
Other proteins also help this to happen.
; others are inserted into the computer on a PC card.
Others believe he will be immanent later.
Others believe that an organism should be identified as a living human being once a heartbeat has been detected.
Others believe that complicated answers to questions can also be right.
Others believe the name came from a Vietnamese word that meant "crying out" as if the Vietnamese Catholics at that time were "crying out" to God for help.
Other scarabs are very colourful and eat plants.
Other seasons were hosted by Padma Lakshmi.
Other sedimentary rocks will have large and small lumps, and pieces of different types of rock.
Other share, 511 Armenians were wounded, and it perishes about it one or two each day.
Others have been discovered at Corbridge and near Ferriby.
Others have been used experimentally.
Others in the cast included Stephen Moyer as Georg von Trapp, Audra McDonald as Mother Abbess, Laura Benanti as Elsa Schrader, and Christian Borle as Max Detweiler.
Other small tourism centres such as Cooinda and South Alligator provide limited facilities.
Others may want all these things.
Others refer to the same Chloris, but have different details.
Others see Friday night as part of the weekend, since work or school is over for the week.
Others study how insects live and reproduce because we do not know very much about some kinds of insects.
Other stations are called transfer stations, which is a station where the routes continue.
Other stellations have more than one face in each plane or form compounds of simpler polyhedra.
Other studies have found that the death penalty is not a deterrent in the United States, Donohue, John J., & Wolfers, Justin (2006).
Others were passengers who came for other reasons.
Other terms used to describe two people engaged in a relationship in which there is no emotional but only sexual involvement are "fuck buddies", "friends with benefits", "booty call", and "ami calin" (the popular French term).
Other things can be roasted too.
Other times, people deadname other people on purpose.
Other times the item may not be related to the power; for example, the Raccoon Leaf gives him raccoon ears, a tail, and the power of flight.
Other times, the terms bacterial flora and plant flora are used separately.
Other translations are idea-for-idea.
Other tumors can grow in the uterus that are not cancer.
Other tunings are achieved by adjusting the tension of the strings using the tuning pegs at the head end.
Other types of keels are swing keels and canting keels.
Other tyrannosaurids lacked this ridge and had more flexibility in the lower jaw.
Other viruses can also cause the common cold.
Otherwise it takes place after the egg is laid.
Other works filmed using puppetry are the ILL Clan's improvisational comedy series On the Campaign Trail with Larry & Lenny Lumberjack and Rooster Teeth Productions' Red vs. Blue.
O Thou who changest not, abide with me.
Otis catches Dag and tells the coyote to never return.
Ottawa has several private schools.
Ottawa is served by USD 290 for public education.
Otterhounds have a thick double coat that pushes away water, so they are easy to groom and clean.
Otters are long and slim animals that can be longer than a meter.
Otto's uncle was Berengar I of Italy.
Ötzi was found on a mountain ridge, at the border between Austria and Italy.
Oughtred's ideas were only made public in publications of his student William Forster in 1632 and 1653.
Oulanka National Park is in the areas of Kuusamo and Salla.
Our emotional displays are adapted from a more basic set of emotional displays common to many mammals.
Our people at the same time have overthrown the monarchic regime that has reigned supreme for dozens of centuries.
Our Sun will be so large it will eat the Earth.
Outdoor viewing for the Komodo dragon is available near the exit of the building.
Out of all the designs, the current red-and-white design by Christiansen narrowly won over a green-and-white Nordic cross by a vote of fourteen to eleven.
Out of the total population, 10.2% of those under the age of 18 and 4.6% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line.
Outside of the theater, he took and starred in important films such as Devlan Aşkı, İffet, Ugly World, and he was also very successful in the voice-over profession.
Outside the endothelium in blood and lymphatic vessels is a layer with no cells called the basement membrane.
Outside the event horizon, light and matter will still be pulled toward the black hole.
Outside the football season, the stadium hosts concerts.
Outside the studio, people who worked for the Beatles, and the Beatles's fans in England, did not like Ono's influence on Lennon, and let the couple know often, and sometimes loudly.
Over 100 young players play in seven youth teams.
Over 160 people are killed.
Over 1800 types of plants live on the mountain and 4000 types of animals, including 3300 species of insects.
Over 1.8 million copies were sold. citation Toriko was the eleventh best-selling manga series of 2012 citation and thirteenth best of 2013. citation Over 3 million copies sold in 2012 and 2.8 million copies were sold in 2013.
Over 30 species of seabirds and about 20 million individuals breed in the Bering Sea region.
Over 520 stores are arranged along three levels of pedestrian walkways on the sides of the rectangle, with a fourth level on the East side.
Over 600 deaths were reported.
Over 6.7 million passengers travelled with them during 2010.
Over 700,000 workers were needed to build the underground city where he was buried.
Over 80,000 people were affected in the Mexican states of Chiapas and Tabasco by rains of Hurricane Eta and a cold front.
Over 80 per cent of Australia's sparkling mineral water is found in this area.
Over a hundred fighters were killed, and scores of civilians were killed or wounded.
Overall, 91.7% of the black population of Delaware was free by this time.
Overall, Both of his careers (as a footballer and as a manager) were successful and he became one of the most influential Austrian player ever.
Over all people have I surrendered thee the power," said God to the Angel of Death, "only not over this one which has received freedom from death through the Law".
Overall, the median household income rose from $33,338 in 1967 to an all-time high of $44,922 in 1999, and has since decreased slightly to $43,318.
Overall there are about 35 German sources and one Dutch source for the story.
Overall, there will be one disk holding the checksums, so the total usable capacity will be that of all disks except for one.
Overcoats are made from a warm, heavy cloth or even animal fur.
Over convert of slate was sent by train each year.
Over convert were burned.
Over-harvesting means taking more from the land (or sea) than it can replace.
Over the Edge of the World: Magellan's Terrifying Circumnavigation of the Globe.
Over the first two thirds of the season the drivers picked up points with a succession of seventh and eighth-place finishes, plus a fourth-place finish for Heidfeld at the Australian Grand Prix.
Over the following summers, Martha's Vineyard was identified as the only place in the world where documented cases of tularemia resulted from lawn mowing.
Over the next years, Scrooge travels the world, learning about many cultures.
Over the past thirty or forty years, these people have become marginialized, meaning life has become harder for them as other groups of people take more control of the area.
Over the years Denmark lost many of the lands that it controlled in battle.
Over the years, he taught in a variety of positions, schools and artistic media, spreading and exchanging ideas.
Over the years, they had a series of local top hits, occasionally well received even outside the area where people understand Kölsch.
Over time, a bigger sun visor (the front of caps) has been made.
"Overtime" can be played over and over until one team finally scores more points.
Over time, the teacher lets the child work alone.
Over time, while performing it on stage, it became a longer song.
Overview on deepmind and its AlphaGo Zero AI.
Ovi is Nokia's online services platform, featuring games, music, videos, phone apps, media sharing and social networking.
Owensboro is located at 37°45′28″N 87°7′6″W on the Ohio River.
Owens was fined, but the two players made up with the help of Deion Sanders.
Oxford History of the United States.
Oxford; New York: Routledge, p. 141. It is sometimes called 'clumsy child syndrome', Penny Deiner 2013.
Oxford University Press: Oxford and New York, 2003 Some Aztecs did not want to fight against the soldiers of Cortés, because they thought they were Gods.
Oxford University Press, (subscription required) accessed 6 February 2016.
Oxygen did not pick it up.
Oxygen levels were quite high at that time.
Pablo's father died in May 1913.
Pacha attempts to protest but is dismissed.
Pacheco was born in Santa Ana.
Packt Publishing Ltd. This is also based on Git.
Pacman is the official package manager of Arch Linux.
Paddlers face in the direction of travel, either seated or kneeling.
Page design has long been a consideration in printed material.
Page from Ilustração Portuguesa, 29 October 1917, showing the people looking at the miracle of the sun during the Fátima apparitions attributed to the Virgin Mary.
Pages are added to this category by various citation templates if they use incorrect syntax (further information at ).
Pages related to the Godzilla series.
Painting as a youth, 1583.
Pairs of towers on the east and west sides had gates through which the rue Saint-Antoine passed.
Pakistan has been one of the most successful teams in international competitions, having won a world record four Hockey World Cup titles.
Pakistan's relations with its neighbor, India is not good.
Pakistan waited until 13 September to respond saying they accepted Junagarh's acceptance of Pakistani rule.
Palak is the largest Union Council of the Circle Bakote area, in 2000 Malkot which used to be a Union Council was joined into Palak.
Palance began his career by participating in supporting roles in movies like Panic in the Streets (1950), Sudden Fear (1952), Second Chance (1953).
Paleognathous birds are uncontroversially the most primitive, or basal, living birds, though there is some controversy about the precise relationship between them and the other birds.
Palestinian political violence has targeted Israelis, Palestinians, Lebanese, Jordanians, Egyptians, Americans, and citizens of other countries.
Palézieux was first mentioned in 1134 as de Palaisol.
"Palin, whose family moved to Wasilla from nearby Eagle River when she was 8, stood out from an early age."
Paloma was also the second strongest hurricane in November, it was behind Hurricane Lenny in 1999.
Palombia in South America.
Pamela Catherine Gidley (June 11, 1965 April 16, 2018) was an American actress and model.
Pamuk is a post-modernist writer.
Pan Arabism’s popularity began to grow after many Arab countries gained independence in the 1940s and 1950s.
Pancake restaurants are popular family restaurants and serve many varieties of sweet, savoury, and stuffed pancakes.
Pandiyan of Madurai welcomed Vijayan with good heart and facilitated his troops.
Panelists in the Oxygen version included Jim J. Bullock, Jason Kravits, Amy Yasbeck, and Teri Garr.
Panenka came to international prominence playing for Czechoslovakia at UEFA Euro 1976, where Czechoslovakia reached the final, facing West Germany.
Pangu was born in the middle of this egg, known as the Cosmic Egg.
Panic buying was reported.
Pankhurst transformed the WSPU machinery into the Women's Party, dedicated to promoting women's equality in public life.
Pankratiast in fighting stance, Ancient Greek red-figure amphora, 440 BC.
Panno won the 2nd World Junior Chess Championship in 1953.
Panorama of the gardens.
Pantomimists at Pompeii: Actius Anicetus and his troupe.
Paola is also the biggest city in Miami County.
Paolo Ferrari (26 February 1929 6 May 2018) was an Italian actor.
Papară is from Gheorgheni, Harghita.
Papară started snowboarding after a car accident.
Paper planes were used originally for testing real airplanes.
Pappi says cuss words to Dhande.
Paradez, p. 108 It was certified six times platinum for selling 1,200,000 copies in its first year.
Paramathma is the eternal truth, bliss, and knowledge.
Paramount Television is an American television production and distribution company, and a division of Paramount Pictures.
Paranormal steampunk includes legendary creatures such as werewolves or vampires and mixes horror with steampunk.
Parathyroid glands get their blood supply from the inferior thyroid arteries.
Parboiled chūka soba is stir-fried to make yakisoba.
Pareja became Velazquez's assistant sometime after the master returned to Madrid from his first trip to Italy in January 1631.
Parents and teachers often use this kind of criticism.
Parents can sign on their children to art school.
Parfit was an experienced photographer and a poet.
Paris, Museum National d’Histoire Naturelle, July 6-9, 2004.
Paris took Helen home with him to Troy.
Paris was popular because of the language and fashion of French high society.
Parotoid glands are normal and healthy parts of the animals that have them.
Parshurama is also Creator Father of Bhumihar Brahman and Bhumihar Thakur, Bhumihar's are also known as Parashurama Brahman & Bramhkshatriya.
Particle board, also known as particleboard and chipboard, is a wood product made from chips of wood or sawdust.
Parties outside Virginia seemed uninterested in the rehashing of the 1798 Resolutions, and in other states there was very little public comment.
Part I is written for Christmas Day (December 25).
Part of Filevskaya line (4) has a timetable because there are two lines there - new line to Mezhdunarodnaya and old line to Fili.
Part of the dense primary forest at BTNR.
Part of the grounds became part of the rebuilt Páirc Uí Chaoimh.
Part of the lake isa bird sanctuary.
Parts of the building including bay windows, an oak staircase and balcony were used in the downtown Ramada Inn.
Party realignments can happen because of important events in history or because of changes in the kinds of people in the country.
Pascal Irénée Koupaki (born May 1949) is a Beninese politician.
Pascal's argument is a simple one: reason and intellect cannot decide the question of whether God exists or not; therefore, it makes sense to choose the option that would benefit us most should we be right.
Pašek was drafted with the 81st overall pick by the Minnesota North Stars in the 1982 NHL Entry Draft.
Pasig recognizes the efforts of its residents and students, that’s why they give back school supplies yearly to public school students.
Passengers with subscription services will be able to make video calls and access high speed video content on their mobile phones regardless whether the train is above ground or under ground.
Passing a whole night or part of a night without rest likewise gives birth to the disease, as it occasions the patient, on the succeeding night, to sleep too soundly.
Passing scorers were invited back for an interview and mock game using an electronic buzzer system.
Passion there was none.").
Pass is the frequent-flyer program Peruvian Airlines created to reward the loyalty of our travelers with many benefits.
Passive anger can be expressed in various ways.
Passport officials said she was not permitted to travel abroad.
Pass the Dutchie is a reggae song by Musical Youth.
Pat Burns has won three times, the most of any coach.
Patel went on to work on a solution with V.P. Menon, a civil servant during December 1946 and accepted his suggestion of creating a separate dominion based on religious inclination of states.
Patents cover many different things such as electronics, medicines, agriculture and transport – anything in fact, from a small detail in an electric switch to an entire power station.
Pathos is the emotional appeal, meaning to convince an audience through appealing on emotional levels.
Patients who need long-lasting relief from pain or other symptoms such as nausea, may combine two methods: for example, first vape and then eat a food made with CBD.
Patriarch Filaret (secular name Mykhailo Antonovych Denysenko, born 23 January 1929) is the primate and Patriarch of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church – Kiev Patriarchate.
Patrícia Gabancho Ghielmetti (29 September 1952 28 November 2017) was an Argentine-born Spanish journalist and author.
Patrick Henry rose to prominence by defending Hanover County against Maury's claims.
Patrick is in a relationship with Brad, they are two very different people with very different lives.
Patrick is known by the nickname "Nothing" in school and is bullied often, however that doesn't disturb him at all.
Patrick was a farmer, but his main business was selling cattle.
Patroclus and Achilles are sometimes regarded as lovers.
Patro means father, and bopatro means father-in-law.
Patron Saints from Catholic Encyclopedia (1913) on Wikisource.org Saints are not thought to have power of their own, but only that granted by God.
Patterson is remembered as the first man to win back boxing heavyweight championship.
Paul began his career in September 2013 posting videos on Vine.
Paul B. "Pete" Dye (December 29, 1925 – January 9, 2020) was an American golf course designer.
Paul Erdős's number is 0. Anyone who directly worked with Paul Erdős has an Erdős number of 1. Anyone who works with those collaborators who have an Erdős number of 1, has an Erdős number of 2. The chain continues like that.
Paulette Wilson (1956 – 23 July 2020) was a British immigrant rights activist.
Paul Frommer in 2005 for the film.
Paul H. Silverstone, The Sailing Navy, 1775-1854 (London; New York: Routledge, 2006), p. 77 It was launched on April 9, 1791 and was based in Baltimore.
Pauline Marois is the current leader of the PQ.
Pauline Viardot (18 July 1821 – 18 May 1910) was a 19-century French mezzo-soprano of Spanish descent.
Paul J. Smith (October 30, 1906 January 25, 1985) is an American composer.
Paul Keres: the road to the top.
Paul Maurice Murphy (February 24, 1932 – January 22, 2020) was an American politician and judge.
Paul thinks he will soon be killed and talks about that.
Paul Varjak, an aspiring writer being kept by an older woman, moves into Holly's building.
Paul wrote this letter on behalf of Onesimus, who may have been a runaway slave who had wronged his owner Philemon.
Paul wrote to the Corinthian church for a number of reasons.
Pavlova's feet had particularly high archs, which left her vulnerable to injury when dancing en pointe.
Pavlov discovered that, if the two stimuli are presented together again and again, the organism learns that they belong together.
Pavlov performed and directed experiments on digestion, eventually publishing The work of the digestive glands in 1897, after 12 years of research.
Paws owns the copyrights to the full-color daily comic strips and recolored Sunday comic strips because they are called a different product.
PAX, which is owned by Paxson Communications, shows family-oriented programming.
PC games are recorded with high quality screen recording software such as FRAPS and OBS.
PCLinuxOS maintains its own software repository, available via the Advanced Packaging Tool (APT) and its Synaptic front-end, completely replacing Mandriva's urpmi.
Peach can stay afloat for a few seconds longer than the others.
" peaked at number-one in five different music charts worldwide.
Peak Jengish Chokusu, at 7,439 m (24,406 ft), is the highest point.
Peanut oil bottle.
Peat deposits also pose major difficulties to builders of structures, roads, and railways, as they are highly compressible under even small loads.
Pedesina borders the following municipalities: Bema, Gerola Alta, Premana, Rasura, Rogolo.
Pediatricians also try to prevent other diseases and injury before they happen.
Pedro Jiménez Galán (April 1919 3 March 2021) was a Spanish politician and lawyer.
Peg + Cat is an American animated children's television series based on the children's book The Chicken Problem, which was published in 2020.
Peña Nieto joined the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in 1984, and with a law degree nearly completed, he began earning his own money.
Penguin Books, edited with an introduction by Roger Sharrock, London 1965.
Penguins eat fish and are at home in the ocean.
P'ent'ay Christians use the history of the Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity prior to the 1960s as their own history, despite lacking historical continuity.
Pentland, Adele, and others, 'Ferrodraco lentoni gen. et sp. nov., a new ornithocheirid pterosaur from the Winton Formation (Cenomanian–lower Turonian) of Queensland, Australia', Scientific reports, Nature.
People advertising Ponzi schemes often use impressive words, that are actually very vague.
People also burn fossil fuels to heat their homes.
People always remembered their bad results.
"People always think I'm this feisty girl and I can hold my own but in those moments you just don't think of anything to say.
People are allowed to sell Free software, but the person who buys the software can change it, give it away or sell it too.
People are hungry by the end of them.
People are less sure where the Comedy villa was.
People are often not aware when their physiological needs are being met.
People began calling the area the Quad Cities in the 1960s, before Bettendorf was large enough to be considered a "city".
People began focusing on Austen as a writer and analyzing the ways that made her writing special.
People born in the 260s BC, from the year 269 BC to the year 260 BC.
People born in the 280s BC, from the year 289 BC to the year 280 BC.
People born in the 430s BC, from the year 439 BC to the year 430 BC.
People born in the 680s BC, from the year 689 BC to the year 680 BC.
People built the water gate to help stop and wash away some of the dirt.
People call it a century egg because it looks different and takes months to make.
People can be possessed by a skin-walker by looking them in the eye.
People can not avoid what they do not want.
People commonly call the school Shibu-Shibu for short.
People could enjoy the music while they walked about.
People cross the canals by many small bridges.
People did not like the Eiffel Tower and wanted it taken down because they thought is was an ugly structure polluting the scenery of the Paris sky.
People disagree about the history of Chamberlain.
People do not pay any fee to enjoy the festival.
People do the tea ceremony in a special tea room or a special building called a cha-shitsu.
People ended up melting good things, turning them into unusable things.
People enjoyed music, dancing, food, wine and culture for two-and-a-half weeks.
People enjoy this because there is a sense of submission by the person getting facesat, where the person sitting is controlling the breath of the "seat".
People from around the world are now interested in Kabuki.
People from Botswana are called Batswana.
People from other countries also went to fight but not in their own national army.
People from outside have criticised the series, but its commercial success during several decades has become a literary phenomenon in itself.
People from outside the island had stopped local people from killing goats and leaving them for the dragons.
People from the Palaeolithic era drew well.
People from Warsaw are called "Varsovians".
People get an oophorectomy for many reasons.
People had travelled for days to get to Amritsar.
People have been divided into two groups.
People have criticised RST for being too simple.
People have lived in Korea for about 15,000 years.
People have planned to attack the mosque, and some people have actually attacked it.
People have tried to ban The Chocolate War and keep it out of schools and libraries.
People have tried to find cures for hair loss for thousands of years.
People having problems with attention as may happen in early-stage Alzheimer's tend to do poorly on this test.
People in dissonance may change their feelings, thoughts or memories so they are less in conflict.
People in hardcore punk bands and people who listened to hardcore punk wore clothes that were of two types.
People in Sakurajima take a drill to escape from the island.
People inside the military and other institutions no longer supported him.
People in the Town of Wallkill, meaning those on the Town Board, quickly passed a law that required a permit to hold any gathering for over 5,000 people.
People in this small town are friendly and hospitable.
People know him as a very independent and strong man.
People know that dachshunds have deep and tender eyes, and that dachshunds have many facial expressions (dachshunds can communicate just with the look on their faces).
People learn the skills from other more experienced stuntmen.
People live on 16 of them.
People living in the town were able to protect some areas, most notably the 16th century and the 18th century houses of Pan Ha' opposite the harbour.
People observe its denuded state and assume that it never had any good resources.
People of another culture will test less well, but without a definition, there is no way to determine whether that means they are less intelligent.
People often confuse the terms bankruptcy and insolvency, and sometimes they use one word when they really mean the other.
People often present them on special stages that show sock puppets without showing the puppeteers (the people who use sock puppets) themselves.
People on the autism spectrum show a lower ability for executive function.
People over 20 years old rarely develop this disease.
People playing fantasy football can trade players from one team to another.
People probably started agriculture slowly by planting a few crops, but still gathered many foods from the wild.
People said that Mr. Burney's only fault was "obsequiousness" (too much serving to men).
People's attitudes about alcohol are very different than attitudes in mostly Muslim countries.
People seeing birds flying tried to take flight in many ways.
People's hands and feet have the same shape: they both have five digits (the fingers and toes).
People sometimes confuse the two.
People sometimes use the word "soapbox" to mean a place to say new or unusual things.
People sometimes write "ASAP" for "As Soon As Possible".
People speak of spontaneous abortion or miscarriage when the embryo or fetus is lost due to natural causes before the 20th week of pregnancy.
People speak of "Vlamertingse Pottebrekers"(Vlamertingisch pot crushers), and the pots that are meant here are obviously beer pots.
People started exploring the resources in the 1980s.
People study to get bachelor's degrees, Master's degrees and doctorates at Alabama.
People suffering from constipation may defecate only once or twice in a week, and their stool is very solid and tough.
People take part in a traditional mame-maki ceremony.
People that restrictions hurt the poorer and unemployed people in Germany.
People think that about 8,000 to 13,000 people probably speak Cornish.
People think that Struensee was probably her father.
People think that this cube is very similar to the Dayan Zhanchi 3x3.
People thought that witches can do harm to others.
People understand this differently.
People use phone books to look up the phone numbers of people and places when they need to call them.
People wanted land of their own, instead of having to work for other people.
People were also not allowed to leave the areas they were living in. That meant that they could not look for food in other places.
People were drowned in rivers, threw off cliffs, crucified and burned alive.
People were panicked by press coverage and media speculation, as well as corporate and government reports.
People were worried that the person might try to kill him again, so he was given to someone else to be looked after.
People who can read and write are called literate; those who cannot are called illiterate.
People who deal with electricity and electrical devices in our homes and factories are called "
People who died in 527 BC.
People who died in 546 BC.
People who died in the 300s.
People who died in the 560s.
People who died in the 580s.
People who do not agree with the death penalty (death penalty opponents) say our trial system is not perfect.
People who do not have to have dreadlocks because of their religion sometimes have dreadlocks as well.
People who do not see a paradox where others do are likely to be too certain that they are right.
People who eat nothing usually die in a few months.
People who had behaved well went to heaven.
People who have the CELS are very good at speaking English.
People who lucid dream can usually control everything that happens in their dream.
People who refer to 1 kilobyte as 1,024 bytes, for example, are technically incorrect; 1,024 bytes should be referred to as 1 kibibyte, according to the IEC.
People who speak Dakota can also understand the Lakota language.
People who support supply-side economics believe that taxes punished productivity and if they were lowered, people would produce more goods and services.
People who support the death penalty (death penalty supporters) say that mistakes are very rare, especially since new laws were made in the 1970s to add protections for death row inmates.
People who think solitary confinement is necessary give several reasons.
People who want to change to trains on the east branch can only do so at Tengah.
People who were buried here before the Civil War were reburied after 1900.
People who worked there were called Academians and Associate Academians.
People will believe a lie either because they want to believe it's true or because they are afraid it might be true.
People with a CAE have no problems working in England or United States of America.
People with BPD tend to have trouble seeing a clear picture of their identity.
People with disabilities can also take part in these meetings.
People with heat cramps usually do not need medical treatment.
People with this disorder leave bed, without waking up, and walk around.
Pepe Luhtala, liner notes to Tropical Magic, vol 2 of Harlequin Records CD 50. These notes were based on interviews with Edmundo Ros.
Peppara and Aruvikkara dams are the main sources of water for distribution in the capital city.
Pepsin needs a low gastric PH to become active.
Peralta has also been a Mexico international.
Péralte was shot in the heart at close range.
Perbromic acid is a very unstable acid.
Perception & Psychophysics, 59(3), 347-357 To test this effect on infants, infants are first habituated to a stimuli.
Percy asks what just happened, and Mr. Brunner says he saw nothing and that Percy should bring his own things to write with in the future.
Percy dislikes nicknames or titles being given to him, with the exception of those given by Annabeth Chase.
Percy engages the Minotaur with the magical pen, which turns into a sword named Riptide.
Percy finds her very unkind and annoying.
Percy has a crush on Annabeth, but his love life has been difficult as a result of Aphrodite's promise she made to him when she met him in the desert.
Percy is killed in the battle by an arrow in his face.
Percy named it because of its bovine appearance, but it was in fact a male.
Percy returns to Camp Half-Blood, where he continues his training, ending the movie in the midst of a clash with Annabeth.
Percy sends Clarisse back to camp with the Fleece.
Percy then creates an air bubble and they share "pretty much the best underwater kiss of all time."
Performing music from memory means knowing a piece of music well enough to be able to play or sing it without the written music.
Performing the latest American dances, the Castles were soon the rage of Parisian society.
Perfume Genius is the stage name for Mike Hadreas.
Perhaps he caused the wkrzanie uprising in germany.
Perhaps the best English translation for this word is "a sense of propriety," which just means that people have a way of figuring out what is proper.
Perhaps what man had done deliberately, might happen in nature, where some would leave more offspring than others.
Peridot is one of the few gemstones that comes in only one color.
Perón's death had led to disunity and the military overthrew Isabel in 1976.
Perry also announced a concert tour called Witness: The Tour, set to begin in September 2017 across North America.
Perry is the pet of the title characters on Disney's Emmy-nominated cartoon show Phineas and Ferb.
Perry says it is "about the magical beauty of a woman."
Persistence hunting is important because it is thought to have been important in earlier human societies.
Personality disorders in modern life.
Person of Interest is an American television series that aired on CBS from 2011 to 2016.
Persons intent on mischief or criminal activity can operate without being seen.
Pertini was married to Carla Voltolina.
Peru is divided into 25 regions of Peru regions.
Peshawar is derived from Purushapura which means city of men (Purusha means Man).
Petar Brzica was the champion: His graviso cut through 1,300 throats in a single night.
Pete Burns (5 August 1959 – 23 October 2016) was an English singer.
Pete Dunne kept his title by beating Joe Coffey.
Peter denies this and orders them taken away to be killed.
Peter Halkett was interested in the exploration of the Canadian Arctic for a long time.
Peter is sad because of this, so he gets another dog.
Peter Morris appeared again in the 1998 Teen Reunion Tournament.
Peter Pears was a great inspiration for Britten’s vocal writing.
Peter replies, "You wouldn't believe us if we told you, sir."
Peter Schwartz was born in 1946.
Peters joined the Arizona Department of Transportation in 1985, and was appointed by Gov.
Peter starts to act very jealous.
Peter Van Ness is buried on the Lindenwald estate.
Peter Wells (23 May 1929 – 5 January 2018) was a British-born New Zealand athlete.
Petr Čech was born as a triplet (due to which he had a weak skull) to father Václav Čech and mother Libuše Čechová.
Petrushka falls to the floor in despair.
Pets are grouped into 5 classes, based around how common they are and how much you have to pay for it. citation These groups are common, uncommon, rare, ultra-rare and legendary.
Peyo wrote and drew a lot of characters and storylines.
P. from your M.M." to make it different from all the other top hats in the world.
Pfungst O. Clever Hans (the horse of Mr. von Osten): a contribution to experimental, animal, and human psychology.
Pfungst provided the horse with blinders, which meant the horse could see only straight ahead.
Phallah Village is on the Lora Road.
Phantom lives in the floating Lestava Castle.
Phantom training operations moved to Fighter Squadron 171 (VF-171).
Phase 2 would have extended the line along Fleet Street to stations at Aldwych, Ludgate Circus, Cannon Street, Fenchurch Street, St Katherine's Dock, Wapping and then under the River Thames to New Cross, terminating at Lewisham.
Pheloung also wrote the theme music for the BBC television series Dalziel & Pascoe.
Phenomena are events and happenings in the Universe.
Philadelphia Flyers defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2, winning the cup with a Game 6 1–0 victory.
Philbin hosted the show until 2002.
Philip Glenister, who plays Gene Hunt, has said in an interview that "he does not think any show featuring his character should be made afterwards."
Philip in a battle against the army of Decius.
Philip Michael Bosco (September 26, 1930 – December 3, 2018) was an American actor.
Phillip told Bennelong that he would not be kept as a prisoner, and would be able to come and go as he wished.
Phillip would be in charge of the ship as part of the First Fleet, and then Hunter would be in charge after while Phillip was setting up the penal colony.
Philosophers who have worked in this area include Bicchieri (1989, 1993), Skyrms (1990), and Stalnaker (1999).
Phobias cause problems in sufferers' daily lives.
Phoebus Addition, Section E, Grave 706. Find A Grave Memorial No. 20945981.
Phoenix is ​​considered a symbol of immortality and longevity in most cultures.
Photoautotrophic growth of Noctiluca scintillans with the endosymbiont Pedinomonas noctilucae.
Photo- is a prefix showing that light is involved.
Photo of a sunset on the Beach in Venice, California.
Photo of comfort women.
Phylogeny and diversification of the largest avian radiation.
"Physical Examination of the Child and Adolescent" (2000) in Evaluation of the Sexually Abused Child: A Medical Textbook and Photographic Atlas, Second edition, Oxford University Press.
Physical geography influences what people do.
Piaget thought that a child’s mind changes to better fit with the world through adaption.
Piano Concerto No. 3 in D Minor on his graduation.
Piave wrote nine more opera librettos for Verdi.
Pi bonds happen when two atomic orbitals are in contact through two areas of overlap.
Pib stands for Pittsburgh compound B (PiB) which is a type of dye that is injected into a person before the scan is done.
Piccadilly street sign.
Picnic at Hanging Rock made $5,120,000 in ticket sales in Australia.
P.I. Community of Powerful Individuals”, which brought together ambitious students, entrepreneurs, top managers, whose goal was to help each other.
Picturehouse bought the rights.
Picture of the former ironstone quarry works at Wroxton in 2001.
Pictures, movies and plays can be allegories.
Pictures of women like this are sometimes called "cheesecake," and pictures of men are called "beefcake."
Pieces of indium can easily be joined together by pushing one piece into another.
PIE had a free pitch accent.
Pierce decided that he wasn't through with politics, and unsucessfully ran for the 2nd Congressional District seat in 1928.
Pierre died on April 19, 1906, after he was hit by a horse-drawn wagon.
Pierre Gilles; Kimberly May Byrd, Pierre Gilles' Constantinople: A Modern English Translation with Commentary (New York, NY: Italica Press, 2008), p. 101 Each one is convert high.
Pierre-Louis graduated from Union Catholic Regional High School in 1998.
Pierre-Paul Schweitzer (29 May 1912 2 January 1994) was a French lawyer.
Pieter was interested in physics at an early age.
Pigment inks are less likely to fade, whereas dye inks create more-realistic photos and are less likely to clog the printhead.
Pigments absorb the ultraviolet radiation, so it does not get through the skin to kill or injure cells inside.
Pine Township was named for the large number of pine trees.
PIN is a nonprofit and non-governmental organization.
"Pink Elephants on Parade" is a song and part of the 1941 movie Dumbo (1941 film).
Pinning the plantlet to the soil with a bent paper clip can be helpful.
Pinocchio is popular in the show, but Stromboli is cruel to him and locks him in a bird cage.
Pinoy music or Pinoy pop emerged began in the 1970s.
Pin-tumbler and wafer-tumbler locks normally open when the correct key pushes all of the pins or wafers to the shear line.
Pippi is a girl who is 9 years old.
Piquet retired with engine trouble.
Piquet won the restarted race.
Pirates manager Frankie Frisch claimed that the pitch was named by outfielder Maurice Van Robays.
Pistoia was captured by troops from Florentine.
Pitar and Maluma decide to leave the group, saying: “We should leave in time, leave Re and his new Reich, which, when I'm taking into account Thorn's previous reign, would be the Third over here.”
Pitchers are chosen because they are good at pitching, not because they are good at hitting.
Pitchfork gave it 8.1 out of 10. citation On November 27 2013 Night Time, My Time B-Sides: Part 1 was released.
Pitch made from plants is also known as resin.
Pitt and Angelina are called 'Brangelina' by the media.
Pittsburgh was the most livable city in the United States in 2007.
Pizzicato notes sound short and detached (staccato).
Places are called urban and rural depending not only on size, but also on other administrative and legal criteria.
Places people put things away on shelves, in drawers, and on hangers.
Plamondon was the last surviving member of Canadiens 1946 Stanley Cup team.
Planet 581d might also be caught in an orbit resonance.
Planned to be unveiled in 2019, an convert sculpture of Genest called “Self-Conscious Gene” will be a new permanent fixture at the Science Museum, London, UK.
Plans call for a new 1,989-space parking structure, ramp improvements and a concourse with a central garden and 11 gates that will replace the temporary trailers where travelers now wait for flights.
Plans exist for a cinema, a DIY and a clothing store.
Plant-driven fungal weathering: early stages of mineral alteration at the nanometer scale.
Plants do not move, but wind, animals and birds spread the plants across the landscape.
Plants of this genus are found through the north temperate regions.
Plants use only carbon dioxide gas from the air, water and sunlight.
Plasma is created by adding energy to a gas so that some of its electrons leave its atoms.
Plastic bags are often used for lining waste bins.
Platelets are also called 'thrombocytes'.
Plato said that people should not do bad things because people who do bad things end up unhappy.
Play dominated by long-term manoeuvring, not short-term attacks and threats.
Player experience and intelligence points are earned by playing matches over time.
Players are permitted to ask two kinds of question.
Players can experience places from Johnny Bravo in a party video game.
Players can lose health by getting attacked, losing air underwater, walking into lava or cacti, falling from a high place, or falling into the Void.
Players can play as many different characters, and some from previous Call of Duty games.
Players compete with each other to fight to the death.
Players could explore and go to all of the areas in whatever order they wished.
Players in bold text are still active with Mexico.
Players keep track of their own scores and call out their points after making a basket.
Players move or advance through the game by gaining experience from killing enemies and finishing quests that are given throughout the game.
Players must destroy these first because until then, the main building is unable to be destroyed.
Players of the other team have to stay outside the penalty box during the kick.
Players on Roblox can build anything they please using the Studio and then publish their game to the Roblox website for everyone to play.
Players play through blowing air through the double reed, making the reeds vibrate.
Players score a try if they manage to touch the ball to the ground on or beyond the other team's in-goal.
Players that excel on clay courts are called clay-court specialists.
Players will lose hunger by walking, sprinting and jumping too much.
Play is similar to the Classical variation except that Black is not forced to play his QB to the g6 square.
Playmate of the Month in January 1955.
Play time is about an hour and a half hours average once.
Please do not add the template merely to attract attention to the change, as it clutters up this category with unactionable requests.
Please go to our official website for installing instructions and other information.
Pleasence is known for his role as Dr.
Please note that in all of the examples below, C is the lower note of the pair, and the other note is the next note of that name above it.
Please note: the following table does not capture all these complicated changes.
Pleistocene remains of the lion-like cat (Panthera atrox) from the Yukon Territory and northern Alaska.
Plots can range from behind-closed-doors negotiating with Congress ("Five Votes Down") to personal issues like sex ("Pilot", "Take out the Trash Day") and personal drug use (a major plotline throughout the first and second seasons).
Plumbing was very rare until modern cities grew in the 19th century.
Plunkett-Powell (1993), 24. The first three books were published in 1927, and were an instant success.
Plural is one kind of grammatical number.
Plus users will also be able to place their team logos with selected position and size.
Pluto was Mickey’s first dog; he was called Rover at that time.
PMID 2620716 showed similar results: women who had an abortion did better in school or at work after the abortion.
PNAS 101 pp1618–1621 For example, there are four copies of gene hsp82.
PNCA is in charge of the museums exhibitions and programs and the day-to-day management.
Po becomes a kung fu master and Dragon Warrior loved by everyone and peace returns to the land.
Pocket PC 2000 is an first released for Windows Mobile was support for HTC Vouge, LG and Vodafone can be released on April 19, 2000, it running on kernel Windows CE 3.0.
Pocoyo does not talk very much.
Poetry Off the Page, Asheville Middle School https://www.
Pohjola is the land of enemies.
Point Hicks was renamed as part of Cook's bicentenary.
Pointstreak rewards are organized into three different Strike Packages called Assault, Support and Specialist.
Poison gases are used in industry as chemical reagents.
Poisonous snakes and harmful insects are found.
Polanski adopted Shakespeare's original play into a somewhat changed screenplay with the help of British theater critic and Shakespeare expert Kenneth Tynan.
Police believe someone lit the Churchill fire.
Police brutality and corruption are widespread.
Police chiefs of larger cities often work for a police commissioner.
Police Department.
Police Department in late 1989 and early 1990.
Police gave chase but Peisley’s superior horse enabled him to escape easily.
Police may search their offices, but not the part where they keep their diplomatic work.
Police officers have to patrol and respond to emergencies as quickly as possible.
Police stopped traffic as people gathered in the streets to see the arrival of the wedding party.
Police thought a terrorist attack on the City was "inevitable".
Policy settings can be configured for each user and for each machine.
Political history, ed. D. Jaensch, 1986, Wakefield Press, Netley, South Australia.
Political leader is Mansour Abbas.
Politically she supported the Fascism.
Politicians with lots of campaign contributions have an easier time winning elections.
Polixenes believes his son, Prince Florizel, has fallen in love with a shepherd girl called Perdita.
Pollard later said about the loss of his horses that "it was a nightmare when they were wiped out.
Pollard thought about putting the young horse to sleep.
Pollen flowing from a pine tree.
Pollock denied "the accident"; he usually had an idea of how he wanted a particular piece to appear.
Polluted air is not the cause of disease.
Polonium is also very important because it the main element of nuclear bombs.
Pol Pot took all the city people and drove them towards fields, where they worked incessantly.
Pomeroy was against the politics of slavery.
Pongal is a harvest festival and people celebrate this in mid-January.
Pooja Hegde (born 13 October 1990) is an Indian model and actress.
Poor people come into the forest by the thousands on the roads and take land to raise food.
Pope Alexander wanted to make the city more beautiful, so during his time, more fountains were made.
Pope Paul VI made an offer to exchange his life for Moro's. citation The offer was not accepted.
Pope Pius IX declared that Gabriel Garcia Moreno "died a victim for the Faith and Christian Charity for his beloved country."
Pope Sixtus IV gave permission for the restoration of the church on 14th of May 1484 with countess Margaretha von Henneberg intermediating.
Pope Victor at first declared the congregation in Asia Minor excommunicated but under protest seems to have withdrawn and those members of the church were accepted back into the Church.
Popeye knew a fight was inevitable and shouted out a "Blow me down!" before promising to lay the monster man "among the swee'peas" (the sweet pea flowerbed) as his resting place.
Popeye was created by E. C. Segar and was inspired by a man Segar knew in Chester, Illinois: Frank "Rocky" Fiegel.
Pop is a UK children's channel that airs many children’s cartoons.
Popp was born in Nada, Texas in 1917.
Popular American magazines were also in the library.
Popular source ports include Boom, PrBoom, PrBoom+, Zdoom, and Chocolate Doom.
Popular votes to political parties during presidential elections.
Population data are extracted from the 2001 Census of India.
Porfirio Díaz made the country wealthier, but the poor people became poorer.
Porpora was the first composer to use this libretto.
Port 0 is reserved, but is able to be used if the sending process does not expect messages in response.
Portable playpens come in different sizes, but most can be rolled or folded up for easy storage and transport.
Portable walls may be fixed, or on casters for rolling, while others may be folding room dividers.
Port and starboard are nautical terms for left and right, respectively.
Port Lincoln has two local commercial radio stations, 89.9 Magic FM and 765 AM 5CC.
Portraits of Louis XVI's aunts by Madame Labille-Guiard are part of the decor.
Ports of Bust-A-Move 2 to the PC and Sega Saturn are of Bust-A-Move 2X and additionally include a level editor/designer.
Portuguese, Italian, Spanish, Arab, Asian and other descents chose São Paulo as their home, due to its thriving economy.
Positions for which the result is certain, given best play, are technical positions.
Possibly all these sabretooths operated by jumping onto the prey's neck, hanging on with their strong front limbs, and digging into the prey's neck with their teeth.
'Possum Drop, is an annual New Year's celebration held at a local gas station called Clay's Corner, which celebrates every New Year's by dropping a live opossum in a plexiglass pyramid from the roof of the store.
Post-captains were formally appointed as Captains, whereas anyone commanding a naval vessel was addressed by the courtesy title of 'captain'.
Post-consumer recycled glass or post-industrial stone from slab granite and marble processing increase the amount of recycled content in Terrazzo, along with recycled aluminum divider strips.
Postmodernism says that if somebody has a belief and tries to make somebody else believe it also, it means that they are just trying to have power over them.
Post office at Riley.
Potassium nitrate replaces the need for oxygen and takes up much less space, which lets the explosion be stronger and faster.
Potassium permanganate is more common.
Potter had owned a pet rabbit called Peter Piper.
Poverty is a problem in some countries, in particular, the developing countries.
Powderfinger's next album, Odyssey Number Five (released in 2000), is their most famous.
Powell began work on his fifth novel, What’s Become of Waring.
POWER5, announced in May 2004, comes as either a dual core DCM, or quad-core or 8-core MCM, with each core including a two-thread SMT engine.
Power to the Poor.
Powerwolf have released 7 albums: Return in Bloodred from 2005, Lupus Dei from 2007, Bible of the Beast from 2009, Blood of the Saints from 2011, Preachers of the Night from 2013, Blessed & Possessed from 2015, and The Sacrament of Sin from 2018.
Pp. 1–4 in Cooper A. Raymond C. and Team I.E. (eds) Antarctica: a keystone in a changing world.
Practically the whole of Florida is sitting on a gigantic karst system, as are several countries in Central America.
Practising for the 2007 Indianapolis 500.
Prader-Willi syndrome is usually diagnosed with a genetic test.
Pragya is one of the most popular characters on Indian television.
Pran was married to Shukla Sikand from 1945 until his death in 2013.
Praya Bhirom Bhakdi received a license to brew beer from the Thai government.
Precipitation is almost spread throughout the year at the same rate.
PreCure 5 GoGo!, Club Coco & Nuts, aired on Animate TV.
Predator-induced stress changes parental feeding behaviour in pied flycatchers.
Predictions showed that Dewey would beat Truman at the polls.
Prem got arrested on charge of murder.
Premiere of Richard Wagner's opera, Tannhäuser on 19th October 1845, with Joseph Tichatschek as Tannhäuser and Wilhelmine Schröder-Devrient as Venus.
Premiums are the total cost of the policy.
Prentice-Hall, Inc., One Lake Street, Upper Saddle River, NJ 07458.
Preparations were limited to building fortifications at the major ports.
Prescott wrote three other books on the Spanish Empire.
Presence was released on 31 March 1976 through Swan Song Records.
Presented by Children's Hospital Boston.
Present high-speed buses are series (PCIe, SATA) and they decline the complexity.
Presently, there are two groups of Tamils in Sri Lanka.
Present tense is a verb form which is marked by time (
Preserving tardigrades under pressure.
& President of Riggs Investment, a firm based in New Haven, Connecticut.
President Pak Chŏng Hŭi at a SEATO convention he is visible as the third person from the left.
Pressing the button a second time would begin a two-player version of the same game that includes Ms. Pacman for player 2. This version can be accessed at http://www.google.com/pacman as a permanent link to the page.
Presumably, this is because the plural "buses" looks like it ought to rhyme with the plural of "fuse," which is "fuses."
Prevalence of bullfighting across Spanish provinces today.
Preventing corporate information leakage is more difficult.
Prevention efforts and treatment approaches for addiction are generally as successful as those for other chronic diseases.
Previous jobs she held with the department include Director of Passport Communication and Training, Director of the Post Security Taskforce and Director of the Consular Policy and Crisis Management Section.
Previously, people investigating nature called themselves "
Previously, she was a member of the National Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018.
Previously, titled Second Naval Lord in 1830, the post was restyled Second Sea Lord in 1904.
Pre-war training had also changed skirmisher tactics.
Price was pushed out by Union forces.
Primary producing prokaryotic communities of brine, interface and seawater above the halocline of deep anoxic lake L'Atalante, Eastern Mediterranean Sea.
Prince Charles was the king's eldest son.
Princess Augusta Sophia (8 November 1768 – 22 September 1840)was second oldest daughter of George III and Queen Charlotte.
Princess Marie of Denmark (born 6 February 1976) is the second wife of Prince Joachim of Denmark.
Princeton Nathan Lyman (November 20, 1935 – August 24, 2018) was an American diplomat.
Princeton University Press, Princeton, New Jersey.
Printed paper cards hold about 97.5% of the world market.
Printing presses only used square looking letters back then.
Prionorus or Naso can be larger.
Prior to writing and directing movies and re-branding numerous national television campaigns citation Herman was a founding member of Metal Blade Records mathcore band; PsyOpus.
Prisco wrote that in 2018 IBM was predicting widespread use within five years.
Prisoners were between 16 and 26 years old.
Private First Class Muranaga's company encountered a strong enemy force in commanding positions and with superior firepower.
Private First Class Ono's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.
Private housing is a form of housing tenure in which the property is owned by a private developer.
Probably the best-known examples are dinosaur trackways.
Proceedings of the 1st Annual ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages.
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 107: 8902–8909.
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the U.S.A. 87, 4576–9.
Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences, 272(1581):2583-2586.
Proceedings of the Royal Society of London B: Biological Sciences.
Processors must therefore be placed close to each other to minimize communication latencies; this can cause difficulty with cooling.
Proco Joe Moreno III (born May 19, 1972) is an American politician.
Procter and Gamble produced and sponsored the first serial dramas during the 1930s.
Procter & Gamble (P&G) bought Charmin Paper Company in 1957, but sold the right to make and sell it in Europe (where it is now called Cushelle) to SCA in 2008.
Producers at MTV were so impressed with Back to Brooklyn that they offered Stiller a 13-episode show in the experimental "vid-com" format.
Producers George Schlatter and Ed Friendly worked behind the scenes, and did not appear on camera.
Production started on August 18, 2014.
Profaci would rule his family without interruption or challenge until the late 1950s.
Professional competition is often played to 150 points.
Professor Ludwig Von Drake is a fictional duck.
Professor Smoot was born in Yukon, Florida.
Prof. S.A.Jain. Reality - English Translation of Sarvarthasiddhi by Srimat Pujyapadacharya, 2nd Edition, Chapter 7, Page 195.
Programs and scripts, both standalone and browser-based are welcomed by Sokker as they enhance the experience of Sokker users.
Progression to AIDS: the effects of stress, depressive symptoms, and social support.
Project InPosterum (corporate author) (2004).
Projects can be categorised based on different aspects.
Promotion has two important factors.
Prompting increases the likelihood that a behavior will be done the right way.
Pronunciation of "alright", "town" and "house" is "areet", "toon" and "hoos".
Propellant is something that expands as a gas to propel something else.
Proper legislation and observation of property right on how to regulate the use of these public goods is also another important factor in ensuring that market inefficiencies don't result.
Proper nouns are individual things with names, not general nouns.
Property damage is over $1 million.
Prophylactic treatment is helpful in a different way.
Proponents of grunge included Nirvana, Alice in Chains, Soundgarden and Pearl Jam with themes of sadness and loneliness.
Prose writing is usually adopted for the description of facts or the discussion of whatever one's thoughts are, incorporated in free flowing speech.
Prospect is a monthly British general-interest magazine, specializing in politics, economics, and current affairs.
Prostate specific antigen levels may be elevated, although there is no malignancy.
Protected by his popularity Nausch often showed his disfavour of the nazis.
Protesters also threw objects at police.
Protium and deuterium are stable.
Protocol dictates that it can hang horizontally or vertically, but the star must always be located in the top-left corner.
Proto-Japonic was also spoken in mainland Japan, which turned into Japanese, meaning Japanese and the Ryukyuan languages are related/have the same origin.
Protons never move around a solid object because they are so heavy, at least compared to the electrons.
Pseudoallergy is something a living body does when it takes a new medicine for the first time.
Psychologists use the term self-efficacy to describe beliefs about one's ability to accomplish particular tasks.
Psychology of reasoning: structure & content.
Ptolemy and his supporters thought Caesar would be pleased, but that was a big mistake.
Ptolemy built these two spheres into a system of nested spheres.
Ptolemy did not like that.
Ptolemy of Macedon founded the Ptolemaic Dynasty.
Ptolemy XIII sent Pompey's head to Caesar in an effort to win his favor, but Caesar was not pleased with the gift.
P-type semiconductors are made by doping the pure semiconductor material.
Pubic hair is hair that grows in the pubic region, which is the part of the body where the penis is.
Public schools in Pitt County are managed by Pitt County Schools.
Public shaming has been seen online due to a super-minority of groups willing to "cancel" people.
Public Works Administration (PWA).
Published in 1814, it was the most successful during her lifetime.
Puducherry district's total population according to the 2011 census is 946,600.
Puerto Rico has its own soccer league, but it plays at a level below the NASL.
Pugs came from Taiwan, as most high people of Taiwan kept them as pets at around 400 BCE.
Pujols was also named to the National League All-Star Team that year.
Pullman believes that it is not worth being innocent if the price is not knowing the truth.
Pulmonary specialists often practice critical care medicine.
Pulmonary thromboendarterectomy (PTE) is a surgical procedure that is used for chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension.
Pulmonic consonants are made by blocking air coming from the lungs.
Punjab went on to score 226/6 in their 20 overs.
Punk's second reign is not recognized by WWE after he defeated Cena and became undisputed champion.
Pupils attend state funded schools (academy schools, faith schools, grammar schools, city technology colleges, studio schools) and other children attend independent schools (known as public schools).
Puppeteers usually control the muppet with one hand in the head and the other hand controls the muppets arms.
Puppeteer with hand puppets.
Puppet governments are usually kept in power by military force provided by an occupying country.
Pups are weaned after one month.
Purcell wrote several anthems for him during his life.
Purchasing power parity means how much money would be needed to buy the same item in two different countries.
Pure aluminium is very soft, so a harder metal is almost always added.
Purig and Balti people of Tibetan origin (converting from Buddhism to Islam in the 16th Century) mainly live in Kargil.
Put guides for the strings near each end of the box, and fix it so that these two guides are 99 cm apart.
Putting some icecubes in a plastic bag and wrapping a towel around the bag is a better idea to stop the bruise from getting worse.
Putting the altruism back into altruism: the evolution of empathy.
Putting the woman under trauma or stress to cause miscarriage is considered induced abortion.
P&V owned a big bungalow-holiday-maker, Gran Dorado Resorts, a Dutch company.
PV stands for "Promotional Video."
Pygmy shrews dig through soil to look for food.
Pyrgopolynices from Miles Gloriosus (vs. 1265), in bragging about his long life, says he was born one day later than Jupiter.
Qatari law does not permit the establishment of political bodies or trade unions.
Qatar is quite a small country and has an area of only 10,360 km².
Qazi Hussain Ahmad was first elected as a senator for six years in 1986 and in 1992.
Quarks are one of the smallest particles currently known.
Quarks are very small things that make up everything we see (
Quarterly Journal of Microscopical Science 72, p51.
Queen Amina once ruled Zaria and was known as a great warrior.
Queen City Jazz was a New York Times Notable Book of the Year.
Queen Marie of Denmark was appointed protector of the organization.
Queens is connected to the Bronx by three bridges: the Bronx Whitestone Bridge, the Throgs Neck Bridge and the Triborough Bridge.
Queensland University of Technology (August 6, 2020).
Queen Victoria loved Mendelssohn's music.
Quenby Hall restarted Stilton production in a new dairy in August 2005 but the business closed in 2011.
Quenya and Sindarin are the best and most developed languages, while others like Rohirric, Khuzdûl, or Black Speech, are not so developed.
Questioning these aspects is a process of exploring things about oneself, which may make people unsure and worried about applying a label to themselves for different reasons.
Quickly cooled lavas make nearly ideal samples for K–Ar dating.
Quickly retired from music, and the Remo Four went on to work with other singers, including Billy J. Kramer.
Quincy and Monica are drawn to each other instantly.
Quinine is taken by mouth.
Quita Espuela is the highest mountain in the eastern part, where the range was called Sierra de Macorís.
Quotation marks (also called quote marks or quotes for short) are used around the words that people have said, or direct speech.
Quote: "For SpaceX, certification of the company's unproven cargo version of its Dragon 2 spacecraft for CRS-2 missions carries risk while the company works to resolve ongoing concerns related to software traceability and systems engineering processes".
Qwant's Privacy Policy says that "as a principle, Qwant does not collect data about its users when they search".
Rabbis have worked hard to try to understand how electricity fits into the laws of Shabbat.
Rachel and Emilie decided to make a video for hearing children so that American Sign Language could be made accessible to all children, and made Two Little Hands Productions, their producing company, together.
Rachel sings a lot of songs during each episode, signing the words at the same time.
Rachel then goes back to the mortal world for the school year, leaving the campers without their oracle until the next summer.
Rachel was short, quiet, and common.
Radar image of Hurricane Katrina making its second and third landfalls.
Radar in Akron, Ohio was the first bow echo to be radar-documented.
Radha played both villain roles and comedic roles.
Radiohead's lead guitarist was Jonny Greenwood, Colin's younger brother.
Radio-loud active galaxies can be detected at large distances, making them valuable tools for observation.
Radoičić was awarded the Order of Croatian Danica for his works to culture.
Radu the Handsome gathered support from the nobility and Vlad fled to Hungary.
R.A. Fisher: The life of a scientist.
Rage for a time continued to be available in the United Kingdom in The Bachman Books collection.
Rahul Roy and Anu Agarwal played the main characters.
RAID 3 is much like RAID level 0. An extra disk is added that will hold a checksum for each block of data.
RAID-DP is another way of having double parity.
Räikkönen said his plans are to "see what happens."
Railguns are usually very large and not portable because of the need for a large power supply.
Rain was a quiet and shy child.
Raise it, raise it high.”
Rajasthani language is thought to be emerged or descended from the Old Gujarati language.
Rajko Dujmić (7 August 1954 – 4 August 2020) was a Croatian songwriter, composer and music producer.
Raju Daniel (27 June 1950 – 17 September 2018), known by his stage name Captain Raju, was an Indian army officer and actor.
Raleigh was started in 1770.
Rales are heard when a person has fluid in their lungs.
Ralph Carney (January 23, 1956 December 17, 2017) was an American singer, composer, and multi-instrumentalist.
Ralph Jimmy Schulz (22 October 1968 – 25 November 2019) was a German technology businessman and politician.
Ralph Leighton, ed. Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: adventures of a curious character.
Ramanathapuram is the top producer of chilli pepper in Tamil Nadu.
Ramps connect the highways to smaller roads and other highways.
Randall (1990), p. 372 However, Arnold believed they did so because they felt sorry that he had been injured.
Randall (1990), p. 457 This was the beginning of a secret correspondence between Arnold and André, sometimes using his wife Peggy as a willing intermediary, that culminated over a year later with Arnold's change of sides.
Randi Henderson and Tom Nugent, "The Zero Curse: More than just a coincidence?"
R and X ratings are normally used to warn lead climbers who do not realize how dangerous a climb is.
Rangers achieved European success in 1972; they won the European Cup Winners Cup.
Ranjit Singh, brought all the independent Muslim states of Gujranwala, under his rule.
Rape counselors are trained to help rape victims.
Rapidplay (FIDE Laws, Appendix B) is a game where each player has a set time for all the moves.
Rapper Spose grew up in Wells.
Rapunzel and Flynn arrive at the kingdom and enjoy the festivities, culminating in an evening boat ride as the King, Queen and citizens release lanterns.
Rarely,but sometimes, metal songs were also politically and socially critical.
Ras Jua Baraka (born April 9, 1970) citation citation is an American politician.
Rates of addition were monitored in benzene at 30 °C with an initial twentyfold excess of diene.
Rather, Hertzsprung-Russell diagrams plot each star on a graph measuring the star's brightness versus its temperature.
Rather it helps prevent cancer and heart disease.
Rather than being centered over the vowel it changes, the apex is often drawn to the right.
Rather than simple olive oil and vinegar, as in a μαρούλι - lettuce salad, prepared dressings containing various herbs and seasonings are frequently used.
Rather than tell riddles, the Sphinx asked historical questions.
Rather than treat them as district contracts, the contracts were made with the D.C. Housing Agency.
Rather they are described with what they did.
Rather, they define "anarchy" as a way of relations between people.
Ratner also directed Carey's videos for "I Still Believe", "Heartbreaker", "Thank God I Found You", "It's like That", and "
Rats were often on ships.
Raven is a member of Pandora at first quite cold first.
Ray is brushing his teeth before bed and Julie is in their bedroom.
Ray King started AboutUs with only five people working with him, but, now he has more than thirty-five employees.
Rayleigh waves are slower than Love waves.
Raymond Albert Kroc (October 5, 1902 January 14, 1984) was an American entrepreneur.
Raymond was married to Amelia Porter from 1835 until his death in 1883.
Ray nearly shoots a boy who wants to steal a guitar (considering Ray is blind, that's amazing!).
Rayne entered the adult movie industry in 2005.
"Rays have been known to store sperm and not give birth until they decide the timing is right".
Razakar literally means volunteer.
RB Leipzig won 3–2 on aggregate.
R. Brunner, Islamic Ecumenism in the 20th Century: the Azhar and Shiism between Rapprochement and Restraint (Brill, 1996), pp. 289–293.
RCA started by taking the best costing characteristics of the German management accounting approach Grenzplankostenrechnung (GPK), and combining the use of activity-based drivers when needed, such as those used in Activity-based costing.
Reaching an altitude of 5,700 metres above sea level just 42 km from the Caribbean coast, the Sierra Nevada is the world's highest coastal range.
Read claims that he killed 19 people during his time as a criminal.
Reader in Genetics in 1939 and was the Director of the Genetics Laboratory, 1952–1969, and Professor of Ecological Genetics 1963–1969.
Reader's Digest Illustrated Guide to Australian Places, 1993.
Read, Herbert: The Meaning of Art, page 127. Faber, 1931.
Reads publicly a proclamation in the Mayor's name, commanding all persons in the City to bee of peaceable and civil behaviour, not to walk around the Streets or Rows at unreasonable hours of night'.
Reagan made a full recovery.
Reagan's economic policy lowered tax rates.
Reagan's wife, Nancy lead the ceremony.
Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs counter to our most deeply held American values.
RealClearWorld called Project Syndicate one of the top five world news sites for 2012.
Real Madrid won the match 2–1 for their fourth UEFA Super Cup title.
Receiving the appropriate amount of sleep is extremely important as it could affect one’s body and increase the chances of serious health problems.
Recent archaeological research has found Christian graves from before 1000.
Recent discussions have made this problem better known.
Recent findings do not support this.
Recently, Papanui High School has grown rapidly and is almost the same size.
Recently she landed the role of Anya in the sequel of Mulawin.
Recently, the Game Boy was compared to all Nintendo handhelds and systems released between 1989 and 2016 to see how long each one's battery life lasted, and the Game Boy beat all the other systems with 30 hours of battery life.
Recently, the Rangers have been a poor team, missing the playoffs many years in a row.
Recently, the Russian opposition has held anti-government rallies, campaigned against Putin on the Internet, and published independent reports for general public.
Recent projects include a residential tower in New York City, 50 West St in 2016 and the Thyssenkrup Test Tower in Rottweil, Germany in 2017.
Recent research suggests that the mediodorsal (MD) thalamus may "amplify the connectivity (signaling strength) of just the circuits in the cortex needed for the current context.
Recent studies showed that some beliefs about connections between diet and gout were not true.
Recipes are slightly different depending on the parts of Korea it comes from.
Recording began on 23 February 1967.
Recording of final broadcast message, November 30, 1977.
Records of timing are bedevilled by gaps in the fossil record, often at those crucial early stages when numbers are low and geographical distribution is severely restricted.
Records show he recorded about 350 numbers between 1906 and 1917, of which very few survive today.
Recovery was the best-selling album worldwide in 2010, with over 3.4 million copies sold.
Red and blue are the most common colors in betta fish.
Red Bull X2010 is not a real car.
Red Dwarf, Miranda is the site of a large, congested spaceport where Dave Lister takes shore leave to get over being dumped by his girlfriend Kristine Kochanski and adopts a cat which he names Frankenstein.
Red dwarfs are small stars that are around 0.2 solar mass (the sun is equal to 1 solar mass).
Redgrave was married to Deirdre Hamilton-Hill from 1962 until they divorced in 1975.
Red-necked wallabies have a black nose and paws, white stripe on the upper lip, and a medium grey coat with a red color on their neck.
Red phosphorus is used in matches and flares.
Red represents high elevation, purple low elevation.
Redshift is when object appear in a red color because the distance is farther away.
Redstone was formerly the executive chairman of both CBS and Viacom.
Reema Lagoo (21 June 1958 – 18 May 2017) was an Indian theater and screen actress.
Reference cannot be accessed as war took place between the neighbours.
References to the Lawn Lake, Colorado, Dam flood, Longs Peak, and other points of interest in the area are depicted in the movie.
Regarding publications, there are two of major significance.
Regarding the forms of possession, the longer forms are used in constructions like le auto es le mie - the car is mine.
Regardless of any changes, the Legislature met infrequently, had high turnover among its members, and was far from being the most influential or powerful organ of state government.
Regardless of the age, she is designing her life according to her dream and faith toward international aiding.
Reggae bands also use a bass, a keyboard or organ, and horns.
Reginald Sprigg, a paleontologist, published the first scientific study of Dickinsonia in 1947. citation Sprigg named the genus after Ben Dickinson, who was the director of the Mines of South Australia, at the time.
Regional and family traditions can play a large part in influencing this choice.
Regional Chuvash music festival "Vir'yal shevlisem" (lit. Viryal's pancakes) takes place in May of each year.
Registration is mandatory in many cases.
'Regninses', means "people of the kingdom".
Regular Breastfeeding sessions are a proven benefit to airway reconstruction.
Regular polygons are the only polygons with apothems; because of this, all apothems of one shape are congruent.
Regular public transit service is provided by Metro Transit and other area bus lines, and nearby Mystic Lake Casino offers free shuttles to their establishment.
Reich-Ranicki was married to Teofila Reich-Ranicki from 1942 until her death in 2011.
Reichskommissariat (Nazi government in the Ukraine).
Reiko Kobayashi (1939-1996, 小林禮子, former name is Reiko Kitani, 木谷禮子) is a Japanese female 7-
Reissued with a new introduction by The Lyons Press, 2008.
R. E. Latham (New York: Penguin Books, 1990), p. 276 He the son of Cenberht (Coenbryht) and the brother of Mul.
Relations between the two countries have not been good since.
Releases of the single featured the different versions of the 2006 song.
Religious law is law based on religious beliefs or books.
Remains of many individuals have been found, including some which are almost complete.
R.E.M. has been associated with many different bands within the years.
Remini, Robert V. Andrew Jackson and his Indian Wars.
Remipedes are convert long.
Removing the foreskin gets rid of the wet, warm and dark environment that can sustain viruses such as HIV and other sexually transmitted infections such as syphilis, herpes and chancroids.
Renala Khurd is an administrative subdivision (
Renee, now an established actor, has turned movie maker, movie producer and director.
René Laennec wrote the first description of bronchiectasis in 1819.
Repartee is the wit of the quick answer.
Reports of the battle say that lack of co-ordination between the various Mughal forces was the main reason for their defeat.
Reproduction occurs by means of this spermatophore, which will be taken up by the female.
Reruns of the show started on Sony Pal from 2 November 2015.
Research activities at the university are done in 35 laboratories.
Research at Centrale Nantes is centred on three main priorities: factory of the future, energy transition and engineering for health.
Research Coucils UK, n.d. Web.
Researchers are studying if keyboards can spread diseases.
Research Professor at the National Graphene Institute.
Research since the early 1990s has improved TBI survival.
Research with captive Komodo dragons has shown that they play.
Reserve from 1953 to 1955.
Resident aliens: the Tc1/mariner superfamily of transposable elements.
Residential highrises line the waterfront in the eastern North Side.
Residents of Brasília are known as brasilienses or candangos.
Residents of the island are known as Culebrenses.
Resnik and all six others aboard died.
RESPONSE: Too much trouble!
Restaurants failed, as they could no longer make a profit without legal liquor sales.
Results of the New South Wales state election, 2007 showing the districts in Sydney.
Retrieved 13 April 2012 and most improved airport in the Middle East.
Retrieved 2008-03-17 from "Access to Insight" at http://www.accesstoinsight.org/tipitaka/sn/sn35/sn35.204.than.html.
Retrieved 2012-6-4. webarchive The Royal Barge launched from the pier at Albert Bridge.
Retrieved 20 November 2011 India's Yuvraj Singh was made the man of the tournament.
Retrieved 26 July 2015 After turning professional he was a regular fixture on ITV Fight Night in the 1980s.
Retrieved April 2, 2016 It also then developed into a very popular tourist resort and it is now a favourite port of call for large cruise liners visiting the south-east of Ireland.
Retrieved December 20, 2006. webarchive Reports of the workshops held so far are available at the IPCC website.
Retrieved May 15, 2010 Reflecting on her experience, Taeyeon stated that the musical was difficult for her, citing that her weak concentration made her act and sing at the same time.
Retrieved October 5, 2010 p. 240-241 The Allies was quite sure that the German government intended to refuse paying to test if the Allies willed to enforce reparations.
Retrieved October 5, 2010 p. 249 To deal with this, the Allies met in a conference in London in July-August 1924, Marks, Sally (September 1978).
Retrieved on 12 November 2011.
Retrieved on 2013-01-11 Jay-Z's twelfth album, Magna Carta Holy Grail, was released in July 2013.
Retrieved on 22 July 2009.
Retrieved on 7 July 2008.
Retrieved on 9 November 2012.
Retrieved on April 14, 2015.
Retrieved on April 24, 2009.
Retrieved on November 11, 2008.
Retrieved on November 4, 2015.
Retrieved on October 1, 2017.
Retrieved on October 12, 2008.
Retrieved on September 6, 2011.
Retrieved on September 9, 2015.
Retrieved Thursday 6 January 2011 He gained US citizenship in 2000, whilst retaining his British citizenship.
Retrograde motion is motion in the opposite direction.
Retrograde orbit: the satellite (red) orbits in the direction opposite to the rotation of its primary (blue/black).
Returning home, Pepys met his clerk, Tom Hayter, who had lost everything.
Return of recruits sent by Massachusetts as portion of her quota of the Continental Army subsequent to Jan.
Return of the Living Dead.
Return to the Valley, a documentary on the Region 1 Valley of Gwangi DVD.
Rev. Arch. Picardie, special number.
Reverse happens if the matter is cooled.
Reversible reactions are where the products can react to remake the original reactants.
Reviewers liked the game for its multiple features.
Reviewers noted the game built on the successful formula of its former chapters by adding new activities and wide-ranging environments.
Reviewers were more impressed by the scenery in Fiji than the movie's plot.
Reviews improved greatly over the years.
Revised third edition.
Rex goes on a mission to defeat the Multi-faced EVO in Mexico.
Rexha released two more extended plays, All Your Fault: Pt. 1 and All Your Fault: Pt. 2. Those had some success with the songs "I Got You" and "The Way I Are (Dance with Somebody)".
Rex later sets out to find the rest of the blueprints, going to Aquania and discovering that the entire area has turned into an EVO and is trying to kill him.
"Rex Pictorium" from either 862/863 to 877 when he died in Fife, during a battle against Norse invaders.
Reyes made his professional wrestling debut in 1985.
Reza Shāh then became minister of war, and eventually became king, which started the Pahlavi dynasty.
Rhee was soon elected by a big majority.
Rhett, known to be friends with many of the Northern soldiers, uses his quick wits and concocts a plan with Melanie, who trusts him, and the other women, who trust Melanie's judgment.
Rhodesia (main, main), citation officially from 1970 the Republic of Rhodesia, https://uca.
Rice also served as the seventeenth Secretary of the Air Force, 1989–93.
Richard Allensworth Jewell (born Richard White; December 17, 1962 – August 29, 2007) was an American police officer and security guard.
Richard Bradley A General Treatise of Husbandry and Gardening, For the Month of March.
Richard (called Lionhearted) was Henry II’s second son and he also wanted to be King of England and did not want to wait until his father died.
Richard Cobbett of PC Gamer said Bad Mojo was "easily the game with the most real-world kills to its name."
Richard finds out that Kahlan is looking for the First Wizard.
Richard Schifter (July 31, 1923 – October 4, 2020) was an Austrian-American lawyer and politician.
Richard's father, George Cypher, was mysteriously killed in the beginning of the book.
Richardson's family dynasty business at the time was estimated at $200 million to $1 billion.
Richard Taylor was her first master and the first Virginia was sold in 1798.
Richard was killed by Indians during the Battle of Point Pleasant on October 10, 1774.
Richard Zann died in the Kinglake fire, with his wife Eileen and daughter Eva.
Richmond has a station called Richmond station.
Richmond station has been moved and rebuilt four times.
Rickaby played one game for England, in 1953.
Ricketts retired from the Royal Marines on 1 June 1944 because of ill health.
Rick uses a device to wipe her memories.
RICO means that the leaders of any group can be tried for crimes if they forced others do the crimes or help with the crimes.
Rifles are used for target shooting and killing.
Rift and then became different species over time.
Rifts (Plothole) Generator was hurt, which made Yamichi lost and forced to look around many worlds to get home (a parody of Sliders).
Right after the IJA took over Nanjing, they started searching for ex-Chinese soldiers.
Right manly they looked.
Right now, it is in the middle of making the game Cyber Shadow.
Right now they have 23 members, as of 2021.
Rihanna performed "Unfaithful", and songs from her older albums, including "Disturbia", "Don't Stop the Music" and "Take a Bow", during this set.
RIJK is popular in making cover songs both in Gospel and Tamil songs.
Ringed seals eat a wide variety of small prey.
Rioters in an ambulance crash into the police car carrying Arthur, freeing him; he stands atop the car, dances to the cheers of the crowd, and smears blood on his face in the form of a smile.
Risch won the election and stayed as Senator.
Rise Against also helped out in the 2003 "Warped Tour."
Rissing found that usually the largest workers in the colony develop into repletes; and, if repletes are removed from the colony, other workers become repletes.
Rita Skeeter writes an article revealing Hagrid's half-giant parentage (though it is a mystery how she found out), a taboo in the wizarding world.
Rivaling the world's smallest reptiles: discovery of miniaturized and microendemic new species of leaf chameleons (Brookesia) from Northern Madagascar.
Rivera was a founding member of both the Gay Liberation Front and the Gay Activists Alliance.
River collapses, killing 46 people.
River Disam is a tributary of the Burhi Dihing.
River Nile split off from Northern.
Riversleigh: the Story of Australia's Inland Rainforests, (Sydney: Reed Books).
Rivkin killed himself in jail.
RJ inadvertently reveals his duplicity to the animals, just as they are found by Gladys who calls Dwayne.
"Road to Germany".
Roark changes her view of life and he also marries her.
Robert Aladenyse (1931-2003, graduated in 1964) decided in 1987 to create a non-profit organization for alumni called INGENAC.
Robert Anthony De Niro (born August 17, 1943) is an Italian-American actor, voice actor, comedian, director and producer.
Robert Bruce had castles all around the country, and had a private army.
Robert Cecil "Bob" Erwin (December 29, 1934 – January 24, 2020) was an American lawyer.
Robert Ellsworth Wise Jr. (born January 6, 1948) is an American politician.
Robert Hooke was appointed the Royal Society's first Curator of Experiments in 1662, and he rose to be Secretary of the Royal Society.
Robert is a solo artist today.
Robert James "Bob" Ritchie (better known as Kid Rock) (born January 17, 1971) is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, musician, record producer, and actor.
Robert James Smith (born 21 April 1959) is an English musician.
Robert Joseph Hogan (born September 28, 1933) is an American actor.
Robert Klark Graham, American eugenicist and businessman, founded Repository for Germinal Choice (d.
Robert LeFevre was a libertarian who rejected all violence.
Robert L. O'Connell, Of Arms and Men : A History of War, Weapons, and Aggression (Oxford; New York: University of Oxford, 1989), p. 14 In man's case they are detached and constantly selected for the purpose at hand.
Robert ('Mad Boy') Heber Percy, who lived with him at Faringdon.
Robert Morin Shoemaker (February 18, 1924 June 21, 2017) was an American military personnel.
Robert Plot as the first keeper.
Robert Pollard is the most important member.
Robert's forces attacked Arnulf's larger army before it could organize.
Robert Shapiro was hired to defend him, but Bruce Cutler, and later Linda Kenney-Baden, took over the job.
Roberts parents were newspaper editors.
Robert S. Wakefield, F.A.S.G. and Margaret Harris Stover, CG., Mayflower Families through Five Generations: Descendants of the Pilgrims who landed at Plymouth, Massachussetts December 1620, vol.
Robert W. Chambers, American writer (b.
Robert William Taylor (February 10, 1932 – April 13, 2017), known as Bob Taylor, was an American Internet pioneer.
Robert W. Orttung; Danielle N. Lussier; Anna Paretskaya (Armonk, NY: Sharpe, 2000), p. 348 Currently, however, a large part of the population of Fryazino works in Moscow.
Robin appears to tell Little John of the Sompnour’s expected journey through the forest.
Robinson received major support from several major league players.
Roblox lets its players create their own games using its special program called Roblox Studio.
Rob Moran, is an actor and producer.
Rob M. won the last immunity challenge and took Amber into the final two with him.
Robota means labor, or work.
Robotnik identifies this as a "new species".
; Robotnik was trying to steal six magic rings from Tiara Boobowski and her father.
Rob Thomas states on the live DVD "Show" that he wrote the song to be a metaphor for humanity in general, a song for people who are "fucked up and feel alone like that.
Rockland has a minor league baseball team, the Rockland Boulders.
Rock musician and singer Udo Lindenberg was born here.
Rock paintings from Bhimbetka, depicting a figure with a trishul, have been described as Nataraja by Erwin Neumayer, who dates them to the mesolithic.
Rocks can be very different from each other.
Rockwell needed four attempts to end up with this version of the painting.
Roden Crater Project by Agostino De Rosa.
Rode wrote that her husband wants to kill her.
Rodgau has two cinemas, many restaurants of different style, bars and some dancefloors.
Rodney P Carlisle; J Geoffrey Golson (Santa Barbara, CA: ABC-CLIO, 2007), p. 60 It also laid out where each part of his army was to be at any given time.
Rodolfo’s friends call for him to come out and join them.
Rod Puppet and Bunraku: The puppet is worked with rods joined to the puppets arms and legs, while another puppeteer moves the head and sometimes the mouth.
Roeselare had a restored municipal swimming-bath, ‘het Spillebad’.
Roeselare was rebuilt but the war started again from 1640.
Roger Nash Baldwin, founder of the American Civil Liberties Union (b.
Roger Rabbit won the Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film, as well as Best Direction for Zemeckis and Special Visual Effects.
Rogers asked parents to promise to take care of their children.
Roger Sherman Loomis, The Grail (Princeton University Press, 1963), p.272 Roger Sherman Loomis, Celtic Myth and Arthurian Romance (Academy Chicago Publishers, 1997), p.63-6.
Rogers is buried at Unity Cemetery in Latrobe.
Rokeby is in the County of York.
Role in Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Rollators are often viewed as easier to use than a walker due to their ability to just be pushed instead of lifted.
Rolling Stone put the album at number 68 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time in 2003.
Rolling Stone said the Captain Kirk parody was one of Belushi's best.
Roman coins have been found in Buxton.
Roman Emperors were given the title of Pharaoh, although exclusively while in Egypt. One Egyptian king-list lists the Roman Emperors as Pharaohs up to and including Decius.
Romania was liberated from the communist regime.
Roman military engineering was very good in its time.
Romans considered it to be part of "
Romantic and musical sparks are ignited when the Chipmunks and Chipettes square off.
Rome held the colony until 250 AD.
Roméo Antonius Dallaire, citation main (born June 25, 1946) is a Canadian humanitarian, author, and statesman.
Romeo Miller, American basketball player, rapper and actor.
Romulus selected 100 of the best men to form the Roman senate as an advisory council to the king.
Rondos can vary in length, e.g. a rondo might be ABACADAEAFA.
Ronson's mother, Ann Dexter-Jones, is a writer, and his father used to work in the music industry.
Rookie of the Year in 1994.
Rooney married eight times and had nine children.
Rooney wrote the story after seeing photos in a Life magazine showing the damage done by 4,000 bikers to a small town in California after a weekend spree of violence in 1947.
"Ropin' the Wind was what we called the son of Fences.
Rory did not like the name at first but accepted that is basically the truth.
Rory's Place is an American children's television series produced by Johnny Devon.
Rosacea is a chronic facial condition that is characterized through acne and redness.
Rosai was also well-known because of his role as teacher, mentor and consultant to many American and international surgical pathologists.
Rosalind Franklin was about 15 years old when she knew that she wanted to become a scientist.
Rosecrans resigned from the army again in 1867 and went back into business.
Rose, Katrina C. "Has the Future Already Been Forgotten: A Post-2007 Transgender Legal History Told through the Eyes of the Late,(Rarely) Great Employment Non-Discrimination Act."
Rose won in a 15-round decision, and kept the championship.
"Rosewood" from Nettler Dale in Sheldon is a kind of barytes and has red and white layers.
Rosignano is 22 km from Livorno.
Ross can play piano, drums, guitar and the violin.
Ross is also a bad person in Jimmy McGovern's TV series Banished, played by Joseph Millson.
Ross Island was the base for many of the early expeditions to Antarctica.
Ross Jarman, British musician.
Rostock was an important member there.
Rostov-on-Don was founded in 1749.
Rostrevor is to the west of the suburb, while Lenswood is to the east, Castambul is to the north, and Norton Summit and Cherryville are to its west.
Rothbard advocated the abolition of government control of society and the economy.
Roth had told the police that he was not good at swimming.
Rothschild is a known philanthropist who donates his money to art and culture centers.
Roughly, a heavy load of code often makes computers slower to react in real time, and printing systems slower to print drafts.
Roughly half of its turnover comes from the private sector and half from the public sector.
Roughly two million people died as a result of war.
Rounders is a sport played with a bat and ball when the ball is thrown to you the ball is meant to be hit with the bat.
Rourke fatally wounds the king while trying to extract information about the crystal's whereabouts, but finds its location for himself, hidden under the throne room.
Rowe edited the Sunday Mirror from 1991 to 1992, then moved to edit The People.
Rowley benefits in multiple ways because of Greg.
Rowling has won many awards for the Harry Potter series of books and has earned over $1 billion.
Roxanne is a female given name.
Roxy is the youngest and weakest fairy in the Club.
Royal Woods Middle School is the school for middle school children.
Roya's husband, Daryoush Taghipoor, found out his wife was in prison when he traveled to the Middle East to look for her.
Roy Dana Call (February 16, 1950 – February 27, 2020) was an American actor.
Roy extended his contract after his first season in Germany for two years.
Roy has won the trophy five times, the most of any goaltender.
RTÉ Radio has four stations.
Rubber Board campus located in Puthuppally with head office in Kottayam town is the only central govt organization in the district.
Rubin never played in the Soviet Top League, but went to the Russian First Division in 1992, and then went to Russian Second Division in 1994.
Rubinstein very much wanted to be famous as a composer as well as a teacher, but this made him very narrow-minded.
Rubinzstein-Dunlop's team has observed dynamical tunnelling in quantum chaotic systems.
Rudaw Media Network (
Rudd went to the Australian National University and studied International Studies.
Rudd won it so he became the Leader of the Labor Party for a second time.
Rules about parking are part of traffic rules, and these will vary a lot from one country to another.
Rules in Bulgarian Wikipedia are not regarded as flexible in disputes as they are on the English project.
Rumi had contracted cancer, and was forced to withdraw his backing in 2000.
Rumors said that members of the Search Bloc and of the Colombian and the United States intelligence agencies cooperated with Los Pepes.
Runtime activities include loading and linking of the classes needed to execute a program, optional machine code generation and dynamic optimization of the program, and actual program execution.
Rushiti formed a group of 45 health professionals from Kosovo to provide medical and psychological support to the refugees.
Russell also co-produced the Tim Firth album Harmless Flirting.
Russell Brookes (16 August 1945 30 October 2019) was a British former rally driver.
Russell is also a poet.
Russia did not like Germany because of things Germany had done in the past to become stronger.
Russian forces of the White movement under Anton Denikin occupied part of the region and formed a temporary government of Southern Russia in March 1920.
Russia was bankrupt and could not continue fighting.
Rustomjee was SP of Akola at the time.
Rusyn Americans (also known as Carpatho-Rusyn Americans or Ruthenian Americans) are citizens of the United States of America, with ancestors who were Rusyns, born in Carpathian Ruthenia, or neighboring areas of Central Europe.
Rutherfordium-265 only has a half life of about 13 hours.
Ruth helped Barthold with his work.
Ruth said that he wanted to please God more than any man she had ever met.
Ruth's pledge to Naomi is found in chapter 1 verses 16 and 17. But Ruth said, "Do not press me to leave you or to turn back from following you!
Rutt and Tuke have a fight, but reconcile with each other in front of Koda, prompting him to forgive Kenai.
Rutter has been given many honours, including honorary Fellow of Westminster Choir College, Princeton (
Rwanda has never won an Olympic medal.
R.Y. All members except Kibum have been put into these subgroups: Super Junior-T, Super Junior-M, Super Junior-H and Super Junior-Donghae & Eunhyuk.
Ryan is also known for her role in "Longshots".
Rye is more plentiful because conditions are too harsh for growing wheat.
Rysy, at 2499 m, is the highest Polish peak.
Ryunosuke Akutagawa, Japanese writer (b.
's 1870 novel Puck who narrates and makes comments on British society.
's 1910 essay, "The Old Fontane," in Essays of Three Decades (Knopf, 1947).
's 1957 comedy Love in the Afternoon and William Wyler's 1966 comedy How to Steal a Million).
S198(5) Copyright and Related Rights Act 2000 It has had rights of legal deposit for books since the 17th century.
's 2003 mafioso album La Bella Mafia sold over two million copies.
's 2004 list of the "100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time".
’s 2012 Global go-to think tanks report, Brookings is ranked the most influential think tank in the world.
's 2017 album, Revival in the song, Revival (Interlude).
's Aaron Thomas pointed out the same version's resemblance to Mario Kart, but he explained that a younger audience would find the game more enjoyable than an audience of serious gamers would.
Sabbatarians think the first day of the week or Lord's Day is the new Sabbath.
Sabirabad is located on the right bank of the Kura River.
Sable tried pinning Goldust but the referee was distracted and as he finally began to count, Sable leapt off Goldust so the interfering Vachon would inadvertently bodysplash Goldust.
Sabor would appear as a mini-boss in the Deep Jungle level of the 2002 video game ''
Sabu, the bull, has his own habitat that was added in the year 2006.
Sacagawea gave birth to a daughter, Lizette, sometime after 1810.
Sadae describes a foreign policy.
Saddam reached out to other Arab governments for cash and political help.
's ad is "Yeh Dil Maange More" (the heart wants more).
Sadly, it was sold to The Walt Disney Company in 2001 as part of Fox Family Channel.
Saffron is one of the three essential ingredients in the Spanish paella valenciana, and is responsible for its characteristic brilliant yellow colouring.
Sagittal section of the skull.
Şahin began his carrier 2005.
Sahiwal is on GT Road.
Saidi-Sief received a two-year suspension from the International Association of Athletics Federations.
Said to born without bones, he eventually overcame his handicaps to become the mirthful and auspicious Ebisu (hence one of his titles, "The Laughing God").
Sailor Neptune's real name is Michiru Kaioh (Michelle in English).
Saint Barts has a small airport (
Saint Bernardino of Siena visited L'Aquila two times.
Saint-Flour is in the eastern part of Cantal.
Saint George borders six of the eleven other parishes.
Saint Louis is the main city and commercial center for the area.
Saint Peter is a tourist hot spot.
Saint Vitus was known as Tyrant until 1980, when they changed their name to their current name Saint Vitus, which was inspired by the song "St.
Saipem works in engineering, and oilfield services and construction.
Sakura learns she has to transform the cards into Sakura Cards to continue using their magic or they would become normal cards.
's album Unfinished Business in 2012.
Saldivar abruptly got up and left the meeting.
Saldívar chased her and called her a "
Saldívar did not give Selena all the documents.
Sales-Griffin was named to Crain’s Chicago Business’s "40 Under 40" in 2013.
Salisbury served as Prime Minister three times for a total of over thirteen years.
's ally, the ruler is happy to do business, and Lancaster seizes a large Portuguese Galleon and loots it.
Salt is used to control the amount of water in the body.
Salts, Christiane Victoria, Cordelia Knott: Pioneering Business Woman, pp. 75–78, The Literature Connection Books, Buena Park, CA, 2009.
Salt was produced here which was considered at the time the best in France.
Salvador has had many international tournaments.
Salvini is also the Federal Secretary of Lega Nord since December 2013 and Us with Salvini since December 2014.
Samba is notable for its constantly changing rhythms however, with cross-rhythms being a common feature.
's ambitions on space tourism.
Samia Hassan Suluhu (born 27 January 1960) is a Tanzanian CCM politician.
Sami Gayle (born January 22, 1996) is an American actress.
Samiraa al-Nuaimi was a lawyer.
Samir Alakbarov in 1991, and was further awarded in succession in 1992 and 1993.
Samogitian is used mostly in West Lithuania, and the other that is widely used in the whole country is Aukštaitian (Highlanders' dialect).
Sampling the polynomial more often than is necessary makes the polynomial over-determined.
Sam Rainsy, CNRP leader promised to nearly double wage to $160 if CNRP wins a re-election.
Samudaya has many meanings, but it usually means "origin" or "source."
Samudragupta performed the Ashvamedha sacrifice to prove his imperial sovereignty.
Samuel Jackson Randall (October 10, 1828 April 13, 1890) was an American politician.
Samuel Johnson was born in Lichfield, Staffordshire.
Samuel Liddell was born on either 8 or 11 January 1854 in Hackney, London, England.
Samuel Nicholas founded it.
'sanctificare' which in turn is from sanctus “
Sand feels rough between your toes.
Sandro's contribution was moderately successful.
Sandspit beach is a popular relaxation spot in Karachi.
San'in means "the shady side of the mountains".
San José is in the central part of the country.
San Marcos and the colleges of San Carlos and San Fernando (after incorporated to the university) were monitored by the Viceroy.
San Mateo (main main main; Spanish for "
San Roque, Antipolo, Rizal and began using its new digital-ready transmitter located at Emerald Hills, Sumulong Highway, Antipolo, Rizal to improve signal reception.
Sansom, Robert S. 2009, Phylogeny, classification and character polarity of the Osteostraci (Vertebrata).
Santa Claus is a popular Christmas tradition.
Santa Cruz, Machico and Caniçal can be reached to the east.
Santa Monica, CA: Getty Center for the History of Art and the Humanities, 1995.
Sant'Anna was known for his collection of poems titled O Concerto de João Gilberto no Rio de Janeiro.
Santigold (formerly Santogold) is an American producer and singer.
Santos-Dumont tried several times before he truly managed to fly in the 14-bis.
Sape harbor is to the east and Dompu to the southwest.
SAP is a way to store music data from the Atari 8-bit family that uses the POKEY sound chip.
's "app for everything" because of how many uses it has.
Sappho might have had a daughter called Kleïs (the same as her mother).
Sapumal Kumaraya was the commander of the Kotte army at the time.
Sara Delano Roosevelt was her mother-in-law.
Sarah Jane Brown (née Macaulay; born 31 October 1963), usually known as Sarah Brown, is a British campaigner for global health and education, founder and president of the children's charity Theirworld.
Sarah's full title, after divorce, is Sarah Mountbatten-Windsor, Duchess of York, Countess of Inverness, Baroness Killyleagh.
Saraswati is also the wife of Brahma "god of knowledge, wisdom, and many other things".
Sardar Amir Singh, was a very old Sikh Chieftain of Gujranwala, belonging to the Waraich Jat Clan.
Sardar Jiwan Singh C.S.I., Jagirdar of Shahzadpur, born 1860, he was Honorary Magistrate of AMBALA, and as a Honorary Civil Judge holds the powers of a Munsif and married in 1884 to daughter of Maharaja of Patiala, and had issue.
Sarel Eimerl, The World of Giotto, Time-Life Books.
Sargent and Greenleaf is a lock manufacturer.
Sargent had only just recovered from a long illness himself, during which time the musicians had given him support, so they were very annoyed when he said this.
's army to change this.
Sascha Pohflepp (1978– c. 25 June 2019) was a German artist, designer, and writer.
Sassoon helped Owen to improve his writing, and introduced him to other writers and publishers.
's astronaut program in January 1978 and he completed his training in August 1979.
Sasuke is a very popular character, there have been many polls that prove this.
Satellites are used for many purposes.
Satisfaction is the process of coping with life.
Satyrs have been looking for him for two thousand years.
Sauber departed F1 with their best results; six third places and two front row starts.
Sauropelta had a distinctively long tail which made up about half of its body length.
Sáu went to three different prisons.
Saverio Bettinelli, Italian writer (b.
Sayer was born in Shoreham-by-Sea to an English father and Irish mother on May 21st, 1948.
Sayidiman Suryohadiprojo (21 September 1927 — 16 January 2021) was an Indonesian Javanese Army lieutenant general and politician.
's biggest and most popular shows.
's biggest game studio.
's Board of Education.
's body temperature is usually 37 °C.
's book called The Inequality of the Human Races.
's bought the club.
's branch in the Syrian town of al-Bukamal pledged loyalty to ISIS, thus bringing months of fighting between the two groups to a close.
's campaign manager, was hacked in a spear-phishing attack.
Scandals ended his political career.
Scarpia can’t find Angelotti, but meets a woman called Tosca there.
Scar tissue is not identical to the tissue it replaces.
Scase reported Tate to HQ for insubordination, and both men were reprimanded for their actions by ACO Bulstrode.
Schafer served as North Dakota's governor from 1992 to 2000 and made diversifying and expanding North Dakota's economy, reducing the cost of government and advancing agriculture his top priorities in office.
's character, and Things to do Before You're Thirty.
's character to cure him of his apparent disillusionment with his identity.
Schedule III drugs are less controlled than Schedule II drugs.
Schematic of typical animal cell, showing subcellular components.
Schematics are graphical representations of the essential connections in a circuit, but they are not lifelike depictions of a circuit.
Schiff has been married to Sheila Kelley since 1996.
Schigolch is sent off to buy train tickets, and, left alone, Alwa and Lulu say they love each other and agree to go away together.
Schigolch leaves with the countess, then returns with Lulu, who is so ill from her disease that the Acrobat does not follow his plan, but goes off to get the police instead.
Schizophrenia has great human and economic costs.
Schizophrenia usually appears earlier in men.
Schneider died in Paris from cancer at age fifty-eight.
Schoenberg was not the only composer to use this way of composing.
Scholars rocks can be any color.
School District in the city of Lakewood, California.
Schools around the US now have to test their students.
Schools run by the government (
Schottenheimr's younger brother Kurt has also served as an NFL coach.
Schubert often wrote variations on tunes from his own songs.
Schubiger died after a long illness on 15 September 2014 in Zürich.
Schumer is married to Iris Weinshall.
Schuschnigg was forced to step down on 11th March 1938, and to hand power to Dr.
Schwarzenegger also has a son with another woman.
Schwelm is home to the "Brauerei Schwelm", the Schwelm Brewery, one of the few remaining private breweries in Germany.
Schwerin von Krosigk was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment but was released during an amnesty in 1951.
Science 282(5396):2085-8 The TLRs work in the perception of microbes.
Science and Technlogy Facilities Council.
Science in the enlightenment: an encyclopedia.
Science, too, is being affected by light pollution.
Scientific research I: the search for system.
Scientists are figuring out how it changes color when light shines on it.
Scientists believe that the rings are material left after a moon broke apart.
Scientists have seen it in mountain ranges in central and eastern New Guinea, though they think it could live in other places as well.
Scientists have thought about how much the plants and animals in the Gulf of Mexico would be changed after the oil spill.
Scientists learned that they could identify all elements by the light colors they produce.
Scientists learned things about her life by looking at her body and clothes.
Scientists looked at dead, preserved frogs.
Scientists looked at preserved, dead frogs.
Scientists think that he either had an illness called neurofibromatosis type I, one called Proteus syndrome, or both of these illnesses.
Scientists used to say this genus had 84 to 96 valid species of frogs in it.
Scientists who wrote about this preserved frog years ago said it looked pink.
Scientists will, for example, ask people to rate a number of objects as more or less similar to each other.
's Communist Party announces that it will give up its hold on power.
Scooters with motors are called motor scooters.
Scores on the new SAT range from 400 to 1600, as on the pre-2005 SAT.
Scorpios are brave and therefore they have a lot of friends.
Scotland is a rural town.
Scott and his family were left to Emerson's wife, Eliza Sandford.
Scott and Seringapatam Reefs formed in the area.
Scottish Folds can be either long- or short-haired.
Scottish inventor Alexander Bain worked on chemical mechanical fax type devices and in 1846 was able to reproduce graphic signs in laboratory experiments.
Scott made costumes for many movies, such as Eyes Wide Shut.
Scott Rudin (born July 14, 1958) citation is an American movie, television and theater producer.
Scott said it was a lie, and told the police it was a plan by Brunn and Simpson to steal money from the bank.
Scottsdale is also home of the International School of Arizona, a non-profit language school that teaches children who speak a foreign language (French or Spanish).
Scott Weiland left the band in 2008, though he did one more one-off show with the band in 2012.
Scott worked as First Assistant Film Editor on Crocodile Dundee 2, which was directed by John Cornell.
Scott wrote in his diary, "We knew that poor Oates was walking to his death, but though we tried to dissuade him, we knew it was the act of a brave man and an English gentleman."
Scouting grew in the 1910s and 20s due to the rise of “boy’s books” devoted to Scouting and the First World War.
Scraps of parchment with the titles of conservative books were burned, because the actual books were very expensive.
Scream 4 was released on April 15, 2011 and grossed $97 million against its $40 million budget.
Screenings and presentations are organized to inform and inspire participants.
's criminals and killers are held up.
Scripting languages may be designed to be used by the people using a program — end-user development.
's cross town rivals, Omiya Ardija Ventus.
Scrunchies in different colors.
's decision to select Shakira to sing the song, arguing that a native artist should performed it.
's derivation of Kepler's laws from his theory of gravity, contained in the paper De motu corporum in gyrum, is read to the Royal Society by Edmund Halley.
's diaries, the most frequently cited eyewitness account of the Great Fire of London.
's "Do I Make You Proud".
's dominant political party in the 20th century.
's drama Wild at Heart which aired from 2005-2012.
Sea bags and other common goods used help cordage or twine.
Sea cucumbers live on the floor of the ocean.
Sealed beam headlights were used starting in 1936.
'Seamless' and 'realistic' have never been Glee s strong points, which is not to say they couldn't (could not) be.
Sean is also going to release a second mixtape on February 25th, 2009 called “U Know Big Sean-Finally Famous Vol. 2”.
Sean Pollard was wanting to be the last person named to the team.
Search Out the Land" The Jews and the Growth of Equality in British Colonial America, 1740–1867.
Seas filled the geosynclines and rivers flowing into them carried sediments (sand and silt) which build up on the sea bed.
Season 1 focuses on the Ninja (Kai, Jay, Cole and Zane) fighting to determine whose the green Ninja (a ninja who is destined to fight the evil Lord Garmadon).
Season 1 was released in 1996-1997 and season 2 was released in 1997-1998.
Season 4 is in HD and features Fred in many different places besides his house.
Secession: How Vermont and all the Other States Can Save Themselves from the Empire, Port Townsend, WA: Feral House, 2008.
Second All-Star Team in 1989.
Secondarily lost in some lines.
Secondary explosives are much more safe to use and do not react very fast to shock, friction, and heat.
Second Division from 2016 and she played as a regular player every season.
Second generation.
Second, it is not drawn Rin who was the main character in the original so much in this movie.
Secondly, he made Chinese compradors responsible for running the business and he had Chinese editors select the news and write the editorials.
Secondly he married Beverly McKittrick from 1970 until they divorced in 1975.
Secondly, the South set up a fleet of naval vessels to attack Union merchant ships at sea.
Second, many allow their temperature to drop at night.
Second Nature followed in 2004 an album he recorded with his guitarist son Lurrie Bell.
Second Reading: A debate on the general principles of the bill is followed by a vote.
Second step: warming ocean re-established; glaciers melt, anoxic conditions reach continental shelves and kills fauna again.
Second the peaks are well-defined, sharp, and narrow.
Second was Rajasahab Madwas, He was a Baland Rajput, ruled in Majhauli block mostly.
Secrets and issues about who should lead the group causes problems.
Secrets of modern chess strategy: advances since Nimzowitsch.
Section 1 made the "Tyler Precedent" a law.
Secularization means religion gets less important in modern societies.
Security and control in public places was made stronger, especially at airports.
See also J'adoube, which permits adjustment of pieces without penalty.
See document 5, citation In June 1974, the Underground released their 151-page work called "Prairie Fire".
See Figure 1. If they are separated by a distance of 100 meters, the car in the back is moving at 10 meters per second and the car in front is moving at 5 meters per second, both relative to the ground.
See Help:Cite errors for causes and solutions.
Seeing four enemy machine guns delivering deadly fire upon other elements of his platoon, he threw another grenade, destroying a machine gun nest.
Seeing something happens when light enters the eyes.
Seeing this, Olaf realizes that an act of true love is what thaws a frozen heart.
See List of Atari 2600 Games for a bigger list of games.
See page for details.
See that module for the implementation of the rules that determine whether the taxon name (as used in the name of the taxonomy template) and the link text match or not.
See the microformats project for background.
See the section "Total deaths" for references.
See your doctor for information and referral, or contact an alcohol and another drug service in your area.
Segovia led the development of the Spanish guitar as an instrument for classical art music.
Seinäjoki is established 1868.
Selection isolates genes with the desired function.
Selena became the first Hispanic singer to do this. citation The four number-one singles were "
Selena is seen being rushed to the hospital.
Selena said in interviews that the album would be released in 1994.
Selenides are strong reducing agents.
Selenous acid is a weak acid.
Self-XSS is a form of XSS vulnerability which relies on social engineering in order to trick the victim into executing malicious JavaScript code into their browser.
Selkirk was marooned on that island for about four years and had to rely on himself and his skills for survival.
Semiconducting ceramics are also used as gas sensors.
Senator Hatch co-sponsored the Restoring the 10th Amendment Act (S. 4020 111th Congress), which would strengthen state rights under the 10th Amendment.
Sen Dog distanció A bit of the group to form a band of punk-rap of Los Angeles called SX-10.
Senior Army generals refuse to accept the dismissal.
Sennacherib, Archimedes, and the water screw: the context of invention in the ancient world.
Senna led from Mansell, Berger, Boutsen, Prost and Patrese.
Sensors in the bed alert carers when a baby has been put in it so that they can come and take care of the child.
Sentimental began to be thought of more negatively from the nineteenth century.
Senwosret III starts to rule (other date is 1878 BC).
Sepahan is the last champion of the IPL in 2009-10 season.
September is the only month of the year in the English language to have as many letters in its name as its numeric calendar position.
Sequence dancing may include dances of many different styles.
Sequoyah became a hero for giving Cherokee people a written language.
Serbs are the majority in the municipalities of Vrhovine, Donji Lapac, and Udbina.
Sereno was removed from office by way of quo warranto by Supreme Court in an 8–6 decision, removing her appointment as Chief Justice in 2012 null and void.
Sergei Pavlovich Diaghilev (also known as Serge), (
Sergey Anatolyevich Sokurov was born in Siberia on 9 of April in 1940, his parents were teachers.
Series of Rockwell paintings from 1943 called the Four Freedoms.
Serj, Daron, and Shavo, went to the same school, Alex Pilibos School for Armenian Americans in Los Angeles, when they were young.
Serket came to be known as a part of Isis, instead of a separate goddess.
Service sector jobs are those where a person does something for another, like selling or fixing a product.
Serving 16 years in prison before being released, he has claimed his innocence many times.
Set5, a machine used when making the Dreamcast.
's E. T. (Ironically, Spielberg saw the Bluth movie and asked its director to work on An American Tail.
Set the Packers record for Most Touchdown Passes, Season with 45.
Settlers gave the large estimate.
Seven matches took place at the event.
Seven of them were moved to other hospitals, four to West China Hospital of Sichuan University, and the rest to Jiuzhaigou County Hospital and Zhongzang Hospital.
Seventeen of these were Japanese-Americans fighting in both Europe and the Pacific.
Several Canadian Provinces as well as the whole of Canada have had political party’s and movements advocating American statehood making their North American location a natural candidate and ideal prospect.
Several countries have laws that define production vehicles.
Several days after this, Kendell claimed he had another strange encounter, this time with a friend of Keith's named Mark Finley, who was also looking for Keith.
Several different forms of race tracks have been used in the history of Formula One.
Several former components of the Socialist Alliance that did not join Respect also joined the SGUC.
Several genes can be manipulated to extend the lifespan of these insects.
Several Meher Baba followers were involved in his life at the end including Harold Rudd who testified at his trial.
Several nearly complete skeletons have been found.
Several other family members became high-ranking Ottoman officers.
Several people discussed the evolution of humans.
Several small changes were made in the track before the track underwent a major redesign after the 1990 race.
Several strands of her hair were discovered in a book, which was also tested.
Several studies have shown that people living on outstations are much healthier than other Aboriginal people.
Several subspecies of the Fire salamander are recognized.
Several tunnels along the route had restricted clearance, meaning that these units were built with a narrow body profile.
Several years of prescription drug abuse damaged his health, and he died in 1977 at the age of 42.
"Severe impulsiveness as the primary manifestation of multiple sclerosis in a young female."
Severe weather can hurt people and their property.
"Sex robot matters: slavery, the prostituted, and the rights of machines."
Sex, the prisoner's dilemma game, and the evolutionary inevitability of cooperation.
"Sexual cyberbullying: Review, critique, & future directions."
"Sexy Sadie" was about Lennon's disappointment with the Maharishi: "You made a fool of everyone."
Seymour P. Lachman & Barry Alexander: One Nation Under God: Religion in Contemporary American Society., Harmony Books, New York, NY 1993, page 16. These figures seemed to have increased a bit, by 2004, where there were an estimated 55,000 followers.
's famous opera The Tales of Hoffmann.
's fantasy series The Magicians.
's father Hamilcar Barca was the Carthaginian general.
SF has always done so, but it has always played upon the double, on artificial replication or imaginary duplication, whereas here the double has disappeared.
's first female chancellor two months later, leading a grand coalition.
's first novel.
's first president.
's Fourth Congressional District from 1971 to 1981.
's fourth studio album, released by EMI Music Germany in May 2006.
's Fowey branch line from 1 July 1896 until 4 January 1965.
SFU was the first Canadian university to do this.
SFWA is based in the United States but membership is worldwide.
's goal in the 116th minute.
's GOOD Music in 2007, and then in 2008 signed with Island Def Jam.
's government in April 1992.
's gravity pulls on them.
's greatest rival in F1 from 1998–2000.
SHAC were set up in 1999.
Shade and Marina meet Goth and Throbb, two cannibal bats (Vampyrum spectrum) who were captured from South America and escaped from the laboratory.
Shadow has unique abilities to use the Chaos Emeralds in ways Sonic and friends have never shown to be able to.
Shaftesbury Abbey was rededicated to the Mother of God and St. Edward.
Shakespeare's Marlowe: the influence of Christopher Marlowe on Shakespeare's artistry.
Shakespeare’s marriage had been arranged by license from Worcester, but in Judith’s case no license was granted.
Shamma is west of Leh along the Indus Valley and to the south of Khaltse.
Shams-ud-din Ilyas Shah took the title "Shah-e-Bangalah" and united the whole region under one government for the first time.
Shane thought the alliance wanted to vote out Danielle, but Courtney thought that her new alliance with Danielle, Terry and fourth member Cirie was voting against Aras.
Shapes and medallions can be fabricated on site by bending divider strips or off site by water-jet cutting.
Shardik takes place in an imaginary region called the Beklan Empire.
Sharma was Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas from 1993 to 1996.
Sharmell screamed and immediately left the match running to backstage.
Sharon Creech's books are mostly about family relationships.
Sharon makes chandeliers in her workshop in Auckland.
Sharp means higher in pitch.
Sharyhina and her partner, Vira Chemygina, have been part of the Ukrainian LBGT community and lesbian organizations for years.
Shattering religious and cultural taboos, devastating vast swathes of countryside, and destroying whole cities, the Peloponnese War marked the dramatic end to the fifth-century BC 'Golden age of Greece'.
Shaways was a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party.
Shaw then proceeds to attack Boog with his hunting knife.
She accidentally reveals her suspicions to Henry, who does not get angry at her.
She acted as regent of the duchy until her son grew older.
She acts tough with people she arrests.
She added that "is the most probable fiction I have ever read" and had become "at present the fashionable novel".
She almost does, but is unable to abandon her family, knowing the pain and suffering it would cause them.
She already had three sons.
She already has two daughters of her own.
She also appeared as a regular alongside Fred Dineage and Toyah Willcox on a property-pricing based game-show called Under Offer made for Meridian Television.
She also appeared in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and Sweet Bird of Youth.
She also appears in the Tekken movie (2009).
She also became known for bringing the World Cup and the Olympics to Brazil.
She also became top scorer in 2000 season and she was selected Best Eleven in 2000 and 2001.
She also chaired of the board of the National Insurance Administration from 1968 to 1980.
She also coaches at the Arizona Aquatic Club.
She also did many other movies.
She also had a few other favourites, including the Earl of Leicester.
She also had a step-sister and a step-brother, Janet (1945-1985) and James Auchincloss (b. 1947).
She also had other songs.
She also had roles in many Wheeler and Woolsey and Laurel and Hardy movies.
She also has a sense of humour and fun.
She also has a son, and has lived in Scotland, but now lives in England.
She also has five CDs- Way Back to Paradise, How Glory Goes, Happy Songs, Build a Bridge, and Go Back Home.
She also helps her to adapt in a new place and prevent her from communicating with the guy, who smokes weed and does skateboarding.
She also played Daphne in Unfaithfully Yours.
She also played Mary in Her Bridal Nightmare.
She also played Mrs. Van Schuyler in Lillie in 1978.
She also played roles in series like The Sullivan sisters,Come On, Get Happy: The Partridge Family Story and Angel in Training.
She also played Sylvia Llewelyn Davies in Finding Neverland on Broadway.
She also promised to close the Pickering Nuclear Generating Station immediately, while the other party leaders have pledged to keep it open until 2024.
She also redecorated the Ducal Palace of Colorno in the French style.
She also sang the lead song "Is it You" from the Step Up 2 soundtrack.
She also set a world record in 1958 (55.73 m) when she was 35, making her the oldest woman to break one in an outdoor athletics event.
She also sings in many scenes in Big Love.
She also starred as Flittle in ''
She also starred as Naomi Clark in the show 90210.
She also taught flying lessons and encouraged women to learn to be pilots.
She also was Acting Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs from March to October 2018.
She also wears dark blue tights, a brown belt, brown boots and a black skirt that has white and black striped long sleeve.
She also won the most votes in the audience polls, winning Season 11 of America's Got Talent.
She also worked at University of Bayreuth.
She also writes songs for other musicians.
She also wrote and starred in the award-winning play Oh Sister, My Sister.
She also wrote another note and left it in her bedroom.
She also wrote in the women's press, including in Zwierciadło.
She also wrote several other novels.
She also wrote the script for Logan's Run, The Six Million Dollar Man, and Buck Rogers in the 25th Century.
Sheamus O'Shaunessy after retaining the IwW International Heavyweight Championship on November 14, 2005.
She and Apollo ride Livia in to the Waystation and she goes to stop her hunters from possibly killing Lityerses.
She and her brother are taken in by the crew of Serenity after he rescues her from an Alliance.
She and her husband, Paul Pelosi, have five children: Nancy Corinne, Christine, Jacqueline, Paul and Alexandra.
She and Kennedy were married in the Holy Redeemer Church on September 26, 1849, by Father John Williams, who later became Boston's Roman Catholic Archbishop.
She and Mortimer forgive each other and explain what really happened.
She appeared in comedy movies and television series.
She appeared in dozens of movies between the 1920s and 1960.
She appeared in her father's movies in her childhood.
She appeared in more than 60 movies between 1948 and 2001.
She appeared in nearly 20 movies between 1952 and 1957.
She appeared in several plays, and made her first movie Passing Thru in 1920.
She appeared in three episodes from seasons four through six.
She appeared with Kenny Ford, Jr. on Kidsongs: Ride the Roller Coaster in 1990.
She argued that to have even modest success, Western practices are used instead of traditional economic structures and values.
's heart to explode.
She assumed her ambassador duties on November 13, 2013.
She attacked him many times to prey on him.
She attended Plains High School and graduated salutatorian.
She attended school from 9-11 grade at Stephen F. Austin High School.
She attended University of California, Santa Cruz.
She attends classes with Zack, Cody, London, and Woody.
Shea was torn down during the 2009 season.
She became a child star at age of 14 with the great worldwide success of her single "Joe le taxi".
She became a member of the Parliament of Åland in 2003.
She became an Australian citizen in October 2017.
She became a professor at Fisk University.
She became a very good horseback rider in college.
She became homeless and was denied the right to seek work.
She became interested in reading when she was very young.
She became part of the world's Divine Tree as she worked on her ideal of world peace.
She became popular because she always looked unhappy or "grumpy".
She became pregnant in 1774 and 1781, but both pregnancies ended in miscarriage.
She became Queen of Great Britain when the new kingdom started in 1707.
She became Seimas opposition leader in 2019.
She became the first woman to ever receive that.
She became the first woman who was not a wife of a member to attend the Academy of Sciences' sessions.
She becomes interested in him.
She becomes very obsessive.
She began acting in 2013.
She began activity as a mangaka in 2013, debuting in the September-October 2013 issues of Hobunsha's Manga Time Kirara MAX with the one-shot Akari Mimi is what Mimi?
She began appearing in movies while still very young but did not really attract attention until the late 1970s.
She began her career by making and selling cocktail skirts and sweaters.
She began her career in 1946.
She began her career in the 1970s.
She began to observe space and notice things.
She began to record songs about her African-American origins and racial inequality.
She began touring there for the first time and broke several audience attendance records.
She began writing for the newspaper Excélsior, doing interviews and society columns.
She begins to sing the song.
She believed that Marat was bad for the future of France and that his death would stop the violence in France.
She believes he was the attacker.
She bought a dowry of 1.8 Million pounds as part of an agreement which was signed on 24 February 1666.
She brought water many times.
She cannot remember Sarah Jane's name and has been heard calling her Suzie-Q, Sally-Anne, Mary Jane and Calamity Jane.
She can talk with the soul of Damayanti and make a woman named Lenore appear.
She cared for him in his ailing years.
She carried out surveys of visual anthropology in Southern Italy.
She cast a spell on the unfortunate nymph - from this day forward Echo would only be able to repeat the last words addressed to her and never speak her own again.
She changed her mind, and in 2001 she moved to Atlanta.
She chases him out of the house.
She chases Huey back to Donald's house, where the duck is trying (and failing miserably) to fix the kitchen plumbing.
She closed the Protestant churches and burnt about 300 people for being Protestant.
She coached for Roma Pallavolo, Vicenza Volley, and Volley 2002 Forlì.
She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships, 2001 World Aquatics Championships, citation and 2001 European Water polo Championships.
She completed her Ph.
She concluded that even transferring minute amounts lead to infection in a healthy bulb.
She confirmed her retirement from competitive swimming on 9 April 2014.
She continued as the First Lady until 1969 till her husband retired as the President.
She continued going to the High School of the Performing Arts after this.
She continued to live in Washington.
She continued to use the house as a retreat.
She continues talking for a long period of time.
She coughs, and Rodolfo discovers her.
She could not have been any older than thirteen at the time.
She created the first issues of American Atheist Magazine.
She cries because the task is impossible.
She danced from the time she was 4 years old.
She debut in Nepali Film Industry from her first movie called "Swor".
She decides give up the baby to the foster home at the end, and Charley finds a new home.
She definitely has the voice."
She did her first tour in the United States in 2013.
She did not know what he is talking about.
She did not treat them well.
She did not wake up and died that morning.
She did not want her father, Brahim Chnina, to know about her bad behaviour.
She did this because Jaggan, Amba's brother-in-law was a cruel ruler and he may have destroyed the village - if given the power.
She died at the age of 80 in 1925.
She died in Breukelen at age eighty-eight.
She died in Istanbul on March 20, 1984.
She died of heart failure, age eighty six.
She died on 6/17/1858 or 6/18/1858 at age 29.
She died on June 14, 1926 at Château de Beaufresne, near Paris, and was buried in the family vault at Le Mesnil-Théribus, France.
She died on October 10, 1954.
She died on October 24th, 1913, in Indianapolis, Indiana, IN.
She died sometime in the winter of 1620/1621.
She died when she was only 24.
She directed the Bolivian Cultural Institute from 1985 to 1989 and was president of the International Council on Monuments and Sites in Bolivia from 1986 to 1992.
She disliked the encounter with the witch.
She does not love him though.
She does not want innocent people to be hurt by the landmines.
She dresses like a boy for self-protection.
She drinks, does drugs and lies about her age on a dating website.
She ended up confirming one of his theories.
She enjoys talking to Baby Kate.
She entered the house on Day 30 with Sara.
She escaped from a circus because the life in a circus was tough.
She examines the differences in promoting an album and a film, stating that promoting an album is more "personal" as it is something that is "closer to your heart" and something she "really believes in".
She falls in love with him, but the next day, he has disappeared.
She falls in love with young landscape designer Ron Kirby.
She fights in and survives the war between gods and titans.
She finally lands a deal with a record label.
She finished first in the 400 meter T11 race.
She finished second at the 2008 Games in the Up to 63 Kg group.
She finished second in the road race.
She finished second in the Tandem Road Race.
She finished third in the women's sword.
She first appeared in an earlier comic strip by Hatlo, called They'll Do It Every Time.
She first became famous in the 1960s.
She first played in Indiana.
She follows the Doctor after he saves her from an attack by living snowmen.
She forgives him.
She founded the Black Studies program at San Francisco State University.
She found naked pictures of Soon-yi in Allen's house.
She freezes everything that she touches.
She gained wide recognition at an early age.
She gives him the power of "geass", which works differently for each person.
She gives him the rose to use as an hour-glass.
She got a Third on her Part Ones.
She got her first major break when she met Swedish director Ingmar Bergman who offered her a role in his movie Persona (1966), opposite Bibi Anderson.
She got her love of dancing and singing from her mother.
She graduated from Hollywood Professional School when she was 16 years old.
She graduated from the Universedad del Norte in Barranquilla, where she earned her bachelor’s degree in social communication and journalism.
She graduated from University of Rouen.
She had 1 child with her husband.
She had a daughter, actress Monie Ellis (born Mona Elizabeth Nerney).
She had a high rank at court as her husband was a grandson of the reiging king.
She had a number of strokes in her last years.
She had a six children with Louis XIV but he would never love her.
She had a twin sister, who died several months later.
She had a very strong influence on the king, and that, in addition to her extravagant tastes, earned her a number of powerful enemies at court.
She had been sexually assaulted at a party eight days earlier by three 16-year-old boys she knew and nude pictures of her were posted online.
She had been suffering from severe postpartum depression and postpartum psychosis.
She had five brothers and four sisters, as well as three half-siblings from her father's relationships with mistresses.
She had four children: Karen Anne Emden (born 1944), Asa Benjamin Blish (born and died 1947), Dorothea Elisabeth Blish (born 1954), and Charles Benjamin Blish (born 1956).
She had had many small roles in movies or television during her career.
She had not named a person to be ruler after her death.
She had one daughter, Zeynep Ergun.
She had served as Minister of Defence of Germany from 2013 to 2019.
She had the profile of a ship of the line, cut to one deck due to weight considerations.
She had three children with him.
She had to move to Europe to train.
She had to nominate two of her fellow HouseGuests based solely on first impressions only an hour later.
She had two children with her partner, Reed Duncan.
She has 15 years experience in the Afghan government.
She has 3 albums.
She has acted in American productions such as the horror movie The Resurrection of Michael Myers Part 2 and the miniseries "Xerxes".
She has acted in many other movies as well.
She has a hollow look in her eyes.
She has also been accused of lying about economic numbers during her campaign to be reelected.
She has also been in Broadway plays.
She has also made it clear that she does not want to publicly comment very much about her ordeal.
She has also released three solo albums.
She has also written manuscripts for movies and theatre, and been an editor for author Liza Marklund’s bestselling crime novels.
She has also written many respected young adult novels.
She has a new song called "Call My Name", which was released on 10 June 2012. citation Her autobiography was published in 2012.
She has another love interest named Iqbal (Mohammed Iqbal Khan) who she is about to marry.
She has appeared in many TV commercials.
She has a strong raspy voice.
She has been active since the 1994.
She has been a Member of the Swiss Federal Council since 2019.
She has been given the Orissa Sahitya Akademi Award and Bhubaneswar Book Fair award for her short stories collection Amrutara Pratikshare.
She has been interested in animals since childhood.
She has been writing since 1998.
She has different ways of doing things.
She has done it now!
She has even won the Boston Globe/Horn Book Honor Award twice.
She has guest-starred on television shows as well as appearing in the television movie A Wrinkle in Time.
She has made videos and has written in newspapers.
She has many invitations and official duties.
She has played supporting roles in movies like Alice, Scent of a Woman, The Age of Innocence, In & Out, and Far from Heaven.
She has received 22 Grammy Award nominations, including three as a member of Rufus.
She has regular meetings with people from her governments, but it is they who run the countries.
She has returned to the team since 2015 up until the present.
She has since been involved in school administration in Ernabella, including serving as the chairwoman of the Governing Council of Ernabella Aṉangu School since 2011.
She has some symptoms seen in progeria, like the pointy nose and aging skin, but she has more medical problems as well but it is not expected to cause her to die.
She has started a movement in painting that she has named Transpressionism.
She has taught students of different nationalities and educated generations of musicians in her classroom, which is now widely recognized in not only Armenia, but also abroad.
She has the right for parole in 2025.
She has three daughters with her previous husband Nikolaj Alsterdal (née Andersen), the oldest born in 1999 and twins born in 2002.
She has three sisters (Nancy, Sally, and Janet) and two brothers (James and William).
She has two arias in the opera.
She has two older brothers.
She has worked for Star Maa, Star Suvarna, Vijay TV, Zee Kannada, ETV Telugu, Udaya TV and Colors Kannada till now.
She has written books about detox diets.
She held a large fundraiser to obtain 1,200 books to add to the school's library.
She held rallys, marches, and speeches to get people join her cause.
She helped support women's right to vote, talked to many about forming a girl's college and guided a debate team. citation The Atkinsons let teachers for Nelson College for Girls use their home called Fairfield House.
She helped write a lot of the songs on "Dog & Butterfly".
She hit the Number 1 spot with "
She hopes that it might reconnect with her daughter.
She hosts the web series The Empire Files.
Sheila Kelley has been cast in a recurring role that was initially described as "Kendall" and later confirmed to be "Zoe".
She initially received opposition from her parents and also the difficulties presented by the society for females to study.
She instantly becomes a huge success.
She is 15 when the novel begins.
She is a Canadian scholar and author in the fields of Private International Law. citation citation http://globalarbitrationreview.
She is a co-host on the daytime talk show The Talk.
She is a Companion who once rented one of Serenity ' s shuttles.
She is a council member for the 1st District of the New York City Council.
She is a daughter of the chief of Brestenergo and the member of the Council of the Republic (Belarus) Uladzimir Shyshko.
She is a descendant of Mormon pioneers.
She is admired for her artistic ability.
She is a doting mother and a very responsible woman.
She is a former member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, and former deputy to the National Assembly of Vietnam for Hà Nam Province.
She is a former world No. 1 on the WTA Tour in doubles with Lisa Raymond from the United States.
She is a gold medalist from Arunachal University.
She is also called Thought, Providence, Forethought, or Foreknowledge.
She is also famous for being the oldest female park ranger.
She is also founding director of the Max Planck Institute for the Biology of Ageing.
She is also known as Vishahara (the destroyer of poison), Jagadgaurī, Nityā (eternal) and Padmavati.
She is also known for her single ‘SOLO’.
She is also known to like cheeseburgers, mentioned twice in the series.
She is also normally a member of the Swedish 4 × 100 m relay team at international competitions, and was part of the team that set the national record.
She is also one of the fans of Ricardo Rabbit and Razzy.
She is a member of Croatia Writers Society and on editorial board of their magazine.
She is a member of the Boston City Council since 2014.
She is a member of the Moroccan women's volley-ball team.
She is a member of the Podemos party.
She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team.
She is a native of Stompetoren.
She is an unlockable character.
She is a writer for Al-Ra'i newspaper in Kuwait.
She is beginning to enter adulthood.
She is best known for her 1970s hits "Diamonds & Rust" and "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down".
She is best known for the New German Wave song "99 Luftballons".
She is better known as Gun Hägglund.
She is buried in Cockfield Chapel.
She is buried in Hesse.
She is called the "mother of liberation".
She is captain of the Italian Rugby Federation.
She is commonly known as Madame de Lafayette.
She is credited for making the first earthen pot in the legend.
She is dedicated to catching Sly and his gang and bringing them to justice.
She is depicted as a beautiful golden goddess, with wings (for flight), sandals, a staff, and a tunic.
She is eighth in the line of succession to the Swedish throne.
She is famous for her book "The House on Mango Street."
She is forced to confine him to a mental hospital for her own safety.
She is four month with child".
She is frightened because the giants are coming for her.
She is good at attacking from a distance.
She is in the process of establishing a Centre for Higher Learning on the lines of Centre for Advanced Studies, Shimla.
She is known as well for releasing cover versions of certain songs.
She is known for creating the phrase "visionary fiction."
She is known for her bold large-scale contemporary paintings that are influenced by her Ndebele heritage.
She is known mainly for comedy-type roles.
She is known simply as Madame de Montesson.
She is later touched by one person's story, and offers him a job at her restaurant.
She is married to Raúl Jurado, who fathered Medina's second son in 1972.
She is married to Rodney Begnaud who also competed in World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name Rodney Mack.
She is mentioned by Grover as a "god" when he talks to Percy at the start of the series.
She is not known to have published anything under her own name, although there are many works published anonymously which now cannot be attributed.
She is one of the leading plus-sized models in the profession, as well as its highest earner.
She is part of the Kenyan women's national volleyball team.
She is played by Naomie Harris.
She is really of noble birth.
She is referred as Grand Madam Lu.
She is reincarnated as Tanuja.
She is seen in this space suit almost all of the time.
She is Senior Counsel at the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law.
She is shy and feminine.
She is shy and wants nothing more than to return to her old life, but slowly warms up to her new status as a monster.
She is still in prison.
She is suddenly snatched and carried away by a cockchafer (beetle).
She is swept away from her home in Kansas by a storm.
She is the current British national record holder for the heptathlon and the indoor pentathlon.
She is the first female governor of South Carolina.
She is the foremost among the Dasa Mahavidyas, ten fierce Tantric goddesses.
She is the funniest sister in The Loud House.
She is the oldest of four siblings.
She is the only Earthbender to learn to bend metal and is considered one of the most powerful Earthbenders.
She is the only living woman who has been recognized with this honour.
She is the Princess of Sarasaland.
She is unique in having long floppy ears, a big head, a kind personality, and she's also quite strong for her size.
She is very clever, for instance.
She is very strong and she likes to fight.
She is very upset and thinks that her mom caused Claire to kill herself.
She is visited by Dr. Nasch.
She is voiced by Rachel Kimsey.
She is widely regarded as one of the greatest British actresses of all time.
She jumped into the pool and embraced him, not letting go, he struggled to get away from her.
She just pretended as if she misunderstood Parth and Teni to earn their hatred.
She known as "Mademoiselle d'Estouteville" taken from one of her father's dukedoms.
She later attended George Mason University for her masters degree.
She later designed more clothes.
She later learned that he was alive in England.
She later rejects Mr. Darcy's proposal.
She later worked on the American version, making them both more popular and successful.
She launched a solo career in December 2016, leading to successful songs like "Crying in the Club" and "
She lays the eggs in the nest.
Shelby also learned that AC Limited in England was having trouble getting motors for their cars.
She leads the posse to Vienna's saloon and burns it to the ground.
She learns that Bill is from an old time, and that he inherited his old family house from several hundred years ago.
She leaves a note on the cupboard door in the kitchen.
She leaves Phoenix, Arizona, to live with her father, Charlie, in Forks, Washington.
She left Square in 2002 and currently works as a freelancer but has or is working on six Kingdom Hearts games and the Mario & Luigi series.
She left the college one credit short of graduation, because she was not allowed to perform religious music during her senior recital.
She left Vera in April 2017.
She lived in a two-bedroom house with her mother and six siblings until she was 13. Then she went to live with her aunt Jannie.
She lived in Singapore.
She lived in Waldviertel.
She lived quietly in the home of one of his daughters in New York while he made arrangements for her debut.
She lives with her bichon Bobo.
She looks like a mental patient, but in some episodes, he does like a normale person and speaks also normal.
She loses track of time, hurries away just at midnight, but loses one of her glass slippers.
She loves her son very, very, much, and this is one of the biggest reasons why she is afraid of running away with Vronsky.
She loves Takeo, but she is too shy to tell him.
She made a paw print of her pet Millie for a holiday card in 1991.
She made a speech on her 21st birthday.
She made a writer name out of her parents names mixed together.
She made headlines when she quit after the first episode, finding the shooting schedule too demanding.
She maintained her style of Imperial & Royal Highness till she became Queen.
She married Bruce Sudano in 1990 and had two children with him.
She married Charles R. Marion from 1946 until they divorced in 1955.
She married Frederick of Württemberg on 27 May 1798.
She married her agent in 1934.
She married her cousin Grand Duke Alexander Mikailovich of Russia and had seven children.
She married him on June 16, 1956.
She married instead his half-brother, Fulk "le June".
She married John Pasquin in 1982.
She married motivational speaker Les Brown citation in 1995.
She married Paul Boynton Meserve in 1931.
She married producer Jacob Pechenik in 2015.
She married Robert Godley in 2010.
She married Robert Stout at age 18. citation In 1885 she helped form the Women's Christian Temperance Union.
She married the future Charles IV on 4 September 1765.
She married to the late Iranian nobleman Bijan, Prince of Esfandiari-Bakhtiari in Italy.
She might put together a special dinner, or make a home for a stray dog.
She moved to Special Function Executive, Kurnia Insurance Bhd, Make-up Artist Supervisor, Versace – First Medical Sdn Bhd, Assistant Make-up Training Manager, Esthetics International Group and later joined as a Certified Image Consultant.
She moved to Teaneck, New Jersey when 11 and enrolled at the high school there."
She needs protection.
She never loses hope and doesn't let her stuttering become an obstacle in her life.
She never once met Amanda, but often came very close.
She noticed her father and was curious to know what he was doing.
She offered a full array of events and became a popular hostess.
She offered to sell Tarquin a collection of nine books of prophecy, but he refused the price, so she burnt three.
She offers him her assistance.
She often identifies various events in life with a story between herself and a lover, evident in the song “What You Want” which is actually inspired by her love for her band and fans.
She often turns to pills and affairs with other men to maintain her sanity.
She originally studied English, but switched her major to biology in January 1928.
She originally used the subtitle "The Man That Was A Thing".
She participated at the 2015 FIVB Volleyball Women's U20 World Championship, 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship, citation 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League, citation and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
She participated at the 2017 Summer Universiade, citation citation 2017 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, citation 2017 World Aquatics Championships, citation and 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.
She participated in a rally on the first anniversary of the Stonewall riots in 1970.
She participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship citation and 2018 Panamerican Cup.
She participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962.
She particpated at the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup, citation 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup, citation and 2019 Women’s Rugby Super Series.
She passed a test and became a lawyer in her junior year.
Shepherd suffered from numerous ailments in the last years of her life that cumulatively resulted in his hospitalization, where she fell her leg, prompting surgery.
She planted them in her garden far to the west near Mount Atlas.
She played 12 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2013.
She played 141 matches and scored 21 goals until 2020.
She played 3 games for Japan in 2017.
She played 5 games for Japan until 2002.
She played 6 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2017.
She played 76 games and scored 24 goals for Japan until 1996.
She played at all 6 matches.
She played at all 6 matches and Japan won the 2nd place.
She played at the 2005 Women's European Volleyball Championship, 2009 FIVB World Grand Prix, 2009 Women's European Volleyball Championship, citation and 2010 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.
She played at the 2010 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.
She played at the 2014 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship citation.
She played at the 2017 Women's European Volleyball League, winning a bronze medal.
She played at the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
She played Fang and Leah in the movie My Soul to Take (2010).
She played for California State University, Bakersfield's women's water polo team.
She played for Marist College's women's water polo team.
She played for Melville Water Polo Club citation and Fremantle Marlins.
She played for Osasco Voleibol Clube.
She played for the French Women's national rugby team, at the 2009 Six Nations Championship, 2010 Six Nations Championship, citation citation and the 2010 Women's Rugby World Cup.
She played for Vizura Beograd.
She played hard-working young women who wanted love, romance, and glamor.
She played in her first movie, ‘’Les dangereux’’, in 2002.
She played Josie Watts in the soap opera Another World, and Alex Taylor in Third Watch.
She played Lotus in Chinatown after Dark.
She played Louise in the 2008 Broadway revival of Gypsy, winning the 2008 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.
She played Magda in the stage play The Gay Life.
She played Mary Shannon in In Plain Sight.
She played Penny in Appointment with a Shadow.
She played Sally Ann on the show My Three Sons and Billie Jo in Petticoat Junction.
She played supporting roles through the 1940s and 1950s.
She played table tennis.
She played the role of the mother in the long-running series of "Oxo Family" British TV adverts between 1983 and 1999.
She portrayed role of Radha.
She portrayed the starring character, Alex Russo, until its conclusion in 2012.
She portrays D'Anna Biers, a reporter with the Fleet News Service who works on a critical documentary about the crew of the Galactica and is later revealed to be a Cylon.
She practiced various sports at school before devoting herself to rugby.
She prances around Dexter's lab.
She protested and wanted world peace.
She published her first collection of poetry Pożegnania (Farewells) in 1956.
She published more than 80 books including Conceptos Elementales del Materialismo Histórico (1969), Cuba: ¿dictadura o democracia?
She qualified as a “TV and radio host”.
She ran away and hanged herself.
She reached the final decision and won the contest with her own song "Satellite". citation The song entered the first position and sold over 100,000 downloads in its first week.
She realizes that she is a clone.
Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium hosted those matches.
She received an honorary doctorate, the highest medical degree, from George Washington University.
She received an MTV Award for Best New Artist in 1998.
She received a strict convent education for twelve years.
She received dozens of awards and more than 50 honorary degrees.
She received her degree in Aviation Flight Engineering Technology.
She received the French Croix de guerre for her wartime service.
She recorded a live album called Nina Simone In Concert which included the song "Mississippi Goddam".
She recorded and completed tasks for him.
She recorded his observations as he made them.
She refused, and he threatened to hurt their baby.
She refused as she and her sister were destined to be nuns.
She released 30 studio albums during her musical career.
She released a single called "Free".
She released one studio album, and two single album.
She released the single "Dollhouse" in August 2009.
She released the single "Press" on May 31, 2019. citation On August 7, 2020, she released "
She reported that on December 10, 1925 she experienced another apparition of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
She represented the 21st Senate District at the time of her death, and lastly represented the 17th Senate District from 2011 to 2012.
She retired from the University of Michigan in 2012.
She retired in 1965.
She retired in 2014, making her the longest serving University of Michigan staff member at 67 years.
She returned to the United States in 1841 with the directions for Giselle and other ballets.
Sherlock Holmes vs (against) Moriarty represents one of the greatest battles of wits (shrewdness, intelligence, smartness) in the history of the world.
Sherrine Colraine is the daughter of Anstella Colraine.
Sherrine seduces Linden Rathan to learn secrets about the Dragonlords but ends up falling in love with him.
She runs away crying.
She said "I have proved that physically I don't have any problems."
She said she “believed he was going to rape me” and feared for her life when he held his hand over her mouth.
She said she wanted to buy women.
She said that the Romanian people "a people fed solely on slogans", who value more material values rather than spiritual values, which she defined as the ones which "generated intelligence, ethics, culture, liberty and responsibility".
She said that they make themselves rich while their clients, like families, were being ignored.
She said, "You know, you're going to fine me?
She saves Percy by confusing the skeletons.
She says, "I am absolutely over the moon at being chosen to play the Doctor's new companion.
She says that she wants Astrid to be back the way she used to be.
She scored two goals during the tournament.
She seems very young.
She sees all three as complex changing processes that do not move neatly in a straight line.
She sees the dark figure and asks who he is and why she is being followed, but the figure does not answer.
She sees the little girl again as well as two Silence.
She served as the sixth General President of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association from 1961 to 1972.
She served for eleven years before President Jimmy Carter appointed her U.S. Secretary of Education.
She set up and ruled a monastery at Ely in 673, and, when she died, a shrine was built there to her memory.
She signed with the label Grosse boîte.
She's not nearly so catty these days and is becoming a real friend.
She sold out Stanley to mobsters in the movie, causing their strained relationship, though their friendship was repaired when Peggy rescues him (several times later).
She spitefully threatens to name Mitch as Kyle's killer.
She starred in a number of TV shows and movies throughout the 1950s and 1960s, ending her career in 1970.
She starred in Brewster McCloud, Nashville, 3 Women and Annie.
She starred in many television programs and movies.
She starred in over 100 movies and 60 stage productions during her near-60 year career.
She starred in over 50 Russian movies.
She starred on television as Ma Larkin in The Darling Buds of May, and as Laura Thyme in Rosemary & Thyme.
She started acting in 1965.
She started as a child model and actress who has appeared in more than 20 movies and television series and more than 60 commercials.
She started doing ballet at age four.
She started drawing pictures with a motif of polka dots with water colorat, pastel and oil at 10 years old.
She started her career in the early 1960s.
She started her career with Balika Vadhu as Anandi.
She started performing by herself in the early 2010s.
She started school when she was 8 years old.
She started the company Madame C.J. Walker Manufacturing Company.
She started The Distillers in 1998.
She started the Hergé Foundation in 1987.
She starts the fifth grade in the beginning of 1991 and she reunites her friends and her family.
She stayed in Holland Patent to care for her widowed mother.
She stayed with the Bensons, a non-aboriginal family.
She stopped playing for a while.
She studied at Miss Barstow's Finishing School for Girls in Kansas City.
She studied at Rome University.
She studied at the Tokyo Eiwa Jogakuin.
She studied law at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru.
She studied there from 1899 to 1902.
She suffered from dementia and died 14 years later.
She sung in it and acted.
She supports LGBTQ rights.
She survives on the protein from eating her own wings.
She talks about how the lack of traits can cause and effect developmental issues but genes are not always involved.
She tells Harry that his father is a creep and Harry defends him.
She tells her brother Jamie to accompany her: he's quiet, but most importantly, he has a secret stash of cash he's gotten by cheating at card games with his best friend, Bruce.
She tells young people to learn about Islam from their parents, not from the internet.
She then became a series regular on the ABC legal drama The Practice.
She then began to inform her community about HIV/AIDS in India.
She then discovered the Earth’s Speciality with publishing.
She then had a child, a baby boy named Attis.
She then manages to calm down.
She then ran out and saved Asriel before he could drink.
She then started a country music career instead.
She thinks that Karenin loves to pretend, and this is one of the greatest reasons why she does not like him.
She thinks that slavery is wrong, but is prejudiced against blacks.
She thinks that Spider-Man is scary.
She thinks they should spend money for kids to go to school in different countries.
She thinks this because she caused Mercedes to act the way she did.
Sheth is a M.A. P. He completed his degree in Commerce from Shah Commerce College.
She thought Stravinsky's music incomprehensible and declined.
Shetland has been populated since at least 3400 BC.
She took him to Rome, where he had his first bath in six years.
She turns out to be Jake's ex-bride, whom he stood up at their wedding.
She urged local women to do the same.
She uses logic to find out who is guilty of the murder.
She usually played "bad girl" roles in movies.
She waits in his bedroom for him, but when Sid enters the bedroom he is kissing Michelle (not noticing that Cassie is also there).
She walked with a mask on to learn about being blind.
She wanted her game to be an educational tool to highlight the negative aspects of concentrating land in private monopolies.
She wanted to do a forest in the summer that had a lot of shadows.
She wanted to go home again.
She wanted women to be paid as much as men.
She wants to find a way to win the prince's love, so she goes to the sea witch's cave.
She warns him that a change is in store for him.
She was 114 years 25 days old at the time.
She was 66 years old. citation She was outlived by her two sisters.
She was able to win a bronze medal for Canada.
She was about eleven years older than Geoffrey, and very proud of her status as an Empress (as opposed to being a mere Countess).
She was a consultant for the Tanana Chiefs Conference (TCC). citation She is the author of Nulato: An Indian Life on the Yukon.
She was a contact for the guerillas and passed information to the fighters.
She was a contestant in the 2011 season of The Apprentice.
She was active during the Paris Commune as an ambulance woman, she helped mutilated or injured on the barricades.
She was active for almost sixty years.
She was active from 1940 until her retirement in 1997.
She was a daughter of Ferdinand, Duke of Genoa and Elizabeth of Saxony.
She was a daughter of Samran and Sanga Boonmee.
She was a doctor and a surgeon long before it was permitted for women.
She was a judge on The Sing-Off in 2009 and 2010.
She was almost six months pregnant.
She was also a great lover of music and painting and the protector of many artists.
She was also a nonprofit director.
She was also buried at the Speyer Cathedral.
She was also featured on Fatal Bazooka's song "Parle à ma main" in 2007.
She was also in many different movies, some of which are Synanon, The Mark of the Hawk, All by Myself and Accused.
She was also in the music video for their single "Lilies".
She was also known as Fanny Burney.
She was also known as La Rossa (Italian for "The Redhead").
She was also known for her role as Christine in Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire and Le retour du grand blond.
She was also Lord Mayor of Birmingham from May 2000 to May 2001, being only the sixth woman to hold that position.
She was also mother of the 7th king, Mokjong, and the elder sister of the 6th king, Seongjong.
She was also sometimes credited to be the inventor of hieroglyphs, while Thoth taught them.
She was also the daughter of U.S. politician and stockbroker Howard Homan Buffett.
She was also the sister-wife of Abel.
She was a member of the Barrymore family of actors.
She was a member of the France women's national rugby union team and France women's national rugby sevens team. citation She was injured in 2007.
She was a member of the Italian Rugby team.
She was a member of the Los Angeles Unified School Board (1975–78).
She was a minister in the government and she was in the National Assembly.
She was an actors' union leader.
She was an important person during the Czech New Wave.
She was a popular First Lady, and was very active.
She was a professor of composition at the Belgrade Music Academy.
She was a Senator for seven months during 1954.
She was a singer, but he never allowed his wife to sing on stage again after they married.
She was a sister of Peada's wife Alflaed.
She was a social critic.
She was a student of the Third Hokage.
She was a teacher, activist, politician, author and editor.
She was a very beautiful young woman, and was also of above-average intelligence.
She was awarded the Goethe Medal in 2012 for her contribution to the cultural exchange between Germany and Lithuania.
She was awarded the title of Spellemannprisen in 2011.
She was a witch living on the island of Aeaea.
She was baptised on 27 January 1569.
She was best known as the "voice of the voiceless ones".
She was best known for directing and writing the 1985 movie Hour of the Star citation and the 2001 movie Uma Vida em Segredo.
She was best known for her 1964 song "
She was best known for her roles in the Hammer horror movies.
She was best known for young-adult novels of suspense.
She was born a German princess, the last child of Adolph I, Duke of Cleves and his second wife, Marie of Burgundy.
She was born at The Princess Grace Hospital Centre in Monaco.
She was born in 1886 near Hamilton, Ontario.
She was born in 1959.
She was born in Fairmont, Virginia.
She was born in New Orleans.
She was born in Shklow.
She was born in Sidi Bou Saïd, French Tunisia.
She was born in Spain, on 31 May 1967.
She was born on 12 December 1952 in Multan.
She was born only a few weeks after being conceived and continued to grow rapidly after being born.
She was born on October 23, 1961, in New York.
She was born to a poor family.
She was buried in Greenville, Ohio.
She was Catholic and she liked church music to be quite long and complicated, with Latin words.
She was Chief Secretary to the Treasury and then Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
She was described as "in prayer", with her eyes raised to heaven.
She was educated at Rangitoto College.
She was especially interested in phonology of Chinese.
She was evicted on Day 44, after only two weeks inside the house.
She was executed by Communists on charges of treason.
She was exiled because she was accused of trying to overthrow the government.
She was extremely notable for her hit single "Freak Like Me", though there were other minor songs.
She was filming a snowboard segment for a film called Exploring the Known on Le Portalet in southwestern Switzerland.
She was first elected by the Maine State Legislature on January 6, 2009.
She was found the next morning in a pool of blood.
She was freed on 2 May 1945.
She was from an aristocratic family from the north part of France.
She was from a semi-
She was given an exception to join the LET at age 17. Yang qualified for the LGPA on her first attempt.
She was given the area as her widow's residence after the death of her husband, Ferdinand II.
She was her mother's favourite child.
", she was higher in rank than other Princesses in Europe who were "
She was highly intelligent, but austere and self-righteous.
She was included because of her actions to protect Native Americans’ land from dangerous chemicals.
She was in movies such as The Telephone and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
She was in the way, and Princip shot her instead of the general.
She was its last active ruler.
She was kidnapped by Boreas and made the goddess of mountain winds.
She was known as the "
She was known as the "Queen of Gaelic singers".
She was known for being a vocalist and a founding member of Fairport Convention and Trader Horne.
She was known for her 2002 single "Tu es mon autre".
She was known for her campaigns and speeches against war rape.
She was known for her first movie role in Nuvvu Naaku Nachav.
She was known for her novel Freaky Friday.
She was known for her role in A Slightly Pregnant Man. She also directed Venus Beauty Institute and The Missionaries.
She was known for her role in Uncle Tom's Cabin. citation She made some guest appearances on television shows such as The Odd Couple.
She was known for her roles in Like Land and Sky, My Tutor Friend, Jeni, Juno, The Righteous Thief, and in Nobody's Daughter Haewon.
She was known for her roles in Woh Kaun Thi?
She was known for her song "Trapped by a Thing Called Love".
She was known for roles in Don't Give Up (1947), The Key and the Ring (1949), Hello Baby (1976) and Nils Karlsson Pyssling (1990).
She was known for the children's program Anita och Televinken, which she both produced and announced for.
She was known to be flirtatious at a young age.
She was later buried at Forest Lawn Mortuary and Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California.
She was later known as, Ann Dunham, Ann Obama, Ann Soetoro, Ann Sutoro (after her second divorce) and finally as Ann Dunham.
She was listed in "Forbes 30 Under 30" List in 2017 and is regarded as one of the highest paid actresses of Indian Cinema.
She was mainly successful in the second half of the 1960s.
She was married five times: Fred Karger, she married twice.
She was married in 1900 to Hall Wilmans, and later they had three daughters.
She was married to actor Raf Vallone from 26 July 1952 until his death on 31 October 2002.
She was married to a man called Joe Macer in 2006, and she also had three grandchildren called Vicki, Mark and Rebecca and a dog called Betty.
She was married to Christopher Soames, Baron Soames or The Lord Soames from 1947 until his death in 1987.
She was married to Hermann Levinson until his death in November 2013.
She was married to James Arthur Roe.
She was married to James Blakeley from 1942 until his death in 2007.
She was married to Stanford James Perlis, and had three children.
She was married to Walter Gorman.
She was married twice and had two daughters.
She was Minister of the Interior from 2007 to 2008.
She was never commercially successful during her lifetime.
She was nicknamed "the culinary oracle of 100 cookbooks".
She was nominated for a second Emmy for her role in The Women of Brewster Place.
She was not his heir apparent, though, because if the king ever had a son he would have taken over as heir apparent.
She was often credited as Fanny Schreck.
She was often invoked as a household deity, to provide aid in warding off evil spirits.
She was one of country music's trailblazing female vocalists during the height of her career in the mid-1960s.
She was one of the first 12 members of the Navy Women's Corps.
She was one of the highest paid actors in Hollywood with the total of $500,000.
She was one of the last surviving actors from the silent movie area.
She was one of the most famous women in history.
She was one of the most successful Romanian actresses of the 1960s–2000s who worked at Odeon Theatre.
She was on movies, television, and theatre productions.
She was on the cover of i-D magazine in August 2012.
She was partnered by Daniel Nestor.
She was part of the Cuban national team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, citation and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's U20 World Championship.
She was part of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team at the 2010 FIVB World Championship, citation 2016 FIVB World Grand Prix, 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, citation and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.
She was part of the Russian women's national water polo team.
She was played by Janet Fielding.
She was plump, with light brown hair and big blue eyes that her family called "Marie's saucers".
She was pregnant from Sergei, but she had a miscarriage in July 2011.
She was President of the Nordic Council in 2002.
She was President of the Open Society in Lithuania Foundation.
She was raised by her grandparents.
She was reported as present that day.
She was running for a full term during this election.
She was saved by the islanders and lived with them on Prince of Wales Island for five years until another ship came to take her back to Sydney.
She was selected Best Eleven 3 times (2014, 2015 and 2017).
She was selected Best Eleven for 3 years in a row from 1991 to 1993.
She was selected Best Young Player awards in 1995 season.
She was sent to jail, but later released.
She was spending a lot of time in the United States to get medical treatment.
She was the 2005 winner of the Selma Lagerlöf Prize.
She was the daughter of a career army officer.
She was the daughter of anti-
She was the daughter of George I, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, and Luise Eleonore of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.
She was the daughter of Herod Antipas and Herodias.
She was the daughter of James Ralston of the Irish Settlement or Allen Township, PA.
She was the daughter of John III, Duke of Cleves and Maria of Julich Berg.
She was the director of the Institute of Economics, Zagreb from 2013 to 2016.
She was the eighth Governor of Puerto Rico from 2001 to 2005.
She was the eldest sister of Warren G. Harding.
She was the European champion in 1954 and 1958.
She was the first female governor elected in her own right.
She was the first female Prime Minister of Mozambique.
She was the first woman ever to be elected president of a country.
She was the first woman to be elected Senator in the history of Maine.
She was the first woman to win the Nobel Prize.
She was the Governor of Samar from 2001 through 2010 and again from June 2019 through her death.
She was their only child.
She was the Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications from 3 August 2017 to 2 October 2018.
She was the Minister of National Education from 2001 to 2004.
She was the Minister of Social Welfare (1990-1996), the Minister for Women's Affairs (1990-1996), a member of the Minister of Health (1993-1996) and a member of the Minister of Transport (1996-1997).
She was the only cast member on a permanent contract.
She was the President of the Pushkin Museum.
She was the U.S. Federal Reserve and budget official.
She was the winner of the Ses Magazine Movie Actress Contest in 1976. citation Her career began in 1976 with the movie Deli Şahin.
She was the writer of Anticipation (1970), Silence of Towers (1978).
She was the youngest female actor to play a companion in the series.
She was the youngest of five children of a musical family.
She was trying to show that the stories she wrote about slaves in Uncle Tom's Cabin were true.
She was two weeks away from her 24th birthday and three days from her third wedding anniversary with Pérez.
She was voted Favorite New Performer by Hot Wire in 1990 and 1991, and played many women's music festivals, coffeehouses, colleges and other venues all though the 1990's and to the present.
She was well known as an animal welfare activist.
She was well-known in 19th century New Orleans.
She wears a blue skirt and frequently carries an umbrella.
She wears a red satin dress and has long hair in ringlets.
She went back to school and got a General Educational Diploma.
She went back to Scotland to live with a friend of the Darlings until she died.
She went to Channing School.
She went to East Carolina University.
She won Coretta Scott King Genesis award for Literature (1995), and American Library Association Best Book for Young Adults award (1995) in her writing career.
She won five Olympic medals in 1964, 1968 and 1972 and five European Championships medals in 1966 and 1970.
She won several Soap Opera Digest Awards for this role.
She won that title again in 2005 and in 2006.
She won the 1500 m.
She won the bronze medal.
She won the hearts of the people because of her charisma and sweetness.
She won the MacArthur Fellowship in 1995.
She won the Miss America title on September 11, 2016. citation Before that, she was Miss Arkansas 2016.
She won the National Theater Prize in 1997.
She won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009.
She won the talent show X Factor Indonesia.
She won the Victoria Gold Medal from the Royal Geographic Society in 1870.
She won two Bundesliga championships and three German Cup titles at the club.
She worked as a lab assistant, food analyst, and high school teacher for several years.
She worked for The Rebel Media until March 2017, citation then worked independently before announcing her retirement from political activism on 2 June 2019.
She worked on her own album.
She worked with artist Roy Nachum, who edited the image, added a gold crown over her eyes, and painted over her in red and white.
She would also go to many houses in her district and talk about her campaign in person.
She would have also been responsible for helping the bather who is using the machine to get into and out of the water.
She would later marry Mike Hanagan.
She would like him to be a military hero.
She wrote about her life in 1956.
She wrote a letter to her husband.
She wrote also a longer poem named Capitolo del trionfo di Cristo (The chapter about the Triumph of Christ).
She wrote and co-produced all of the songs.
She wrote her autobiography: I Was Born Greek.
She wrote many short-stories and 28 romance novels and mainstream women's fiction from 1949 to 2000.
She wrote or co-wrote some songs of the album: "Me Against the Music", "Showdown", "Early Mornin", "Touch of My Hand", "The Hook Up", "Shadow", "Brave New Girl" and "Everytime".
She wrote short stories, novels and children's books.
's highest peak.
Shills publicly help or give credibility to a person or organization with which they have a private relationship.
Shima's invasion force left Rabaul on 30 April.
Shimura died on 3 May 2019 at the age of 89.
Shingo Kunieda and Maikel Scheffers beat Wimbledon champions, Robin Ammerlaan and Stefan Olsson in straight sets.
Shinnosuke "Shin-chan" Nohara is a little boy who does everything he can to annoy his parents and teachers (and succeeds), but he only means the best.
Shinoda was also in on the Styles of Beyond song "Second to None" which was also included in the movie.
Shirley Booth (August 30, 1898 – October 16, 1992) was an American actress.
Shiva icons are carried in procession in some places.
Shiva is depicted both as an ascetic yogi, and as a householder with goddess Parvati.
Shivakumar is one of India’s most respected business leaders.
Sholay is a classic Indian movie.
Shooting this movie was sometimes a struggle for Garland.
Shopping is an activity when people find some goods they want or need and pay money for having them.
Shops usually sell blackboard chalk in sticks that are about 5 cm long.
Short bursts of fast winds are called gusts.
Shortening doesn't smoke as easily as butter or oil, and it is 100% fat.
Shortly after 10:00, two Yorktown CAP Wildcats shot down a Japanese Type 97 scout aircraft (Lundstrom 2006, p. 187).
Shortly after midnight Pendleton found Lee.
Shortly after the end of the group Br'oz, he continued his career with pop rock band Sorocabana KM7NOVE, which ended in 2007.
Shortly after the first tornado dissipated, a supercell thunderstorm caused a new tornado to form as it was moving into Kalamazoo.
Shortly after the people left the village, the soldiers executed twelve of the young men, and five were taking to drive an army vehicle as human shields and later sent to a prisoners of war camp.
Shortly after the Russian financial crisis of August 1998, Paulson, together with Anton Kudryashov and Ilya Tsentsiper, founded Afisha, citation an entertainment and listings magazine that became the cultural touchstone of Moscow and St. Petersburg.
Shortly afterward, he received the Stalin Prize for his Piano Quintet.
Shortly afterwards people began to honour him as a painter.
"Short-term complications" are health problems caused by FGM soon after the FGM happened.
Shot dead during a robbery in November 1863.
" shots, like many other flagship devices.
Should the player meet a certain condition after completing a difficulty, they will be able to play the difficulty's "extra" levels.
Showa was recognized by the Foreign Minister in 2010 for this ongoing effort.
Shown above are the twenty quarters of Bari: these twenty neighbourhoods or "quartiere" as they are known, are further divided into nine governmental community boards.
Shown below are the results for each round.
Shows the sign of geodesic curvature.
's How to Ride a Horse, and The Reluctant Dragon.
Shpilband is the one who paired them together.
Shrek was acknowledged as the eighth best film in the animated genre, and the only non-
Shri Gurudev Mahendranath had no doubt that Dattatreya was an historical figure.
Shrinking the aperture would produce a sharper image, but let in less light.
Shutters in front of the lens were used in the early days of photography.
Shuttles are thrown or passed back and forth through the shed, between the yarn threads of the warp in order to weave in the weft.
SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications, 21(2), 379-381.
Sickles himself was nicked by a cannonball which shattered his leg.
Sickles' parents hoped the friendship would be a good influence on Sickles.
Sid and Jean constantly battle to comprehend the new generation's permissive ways and are usually out-of-touch.
Siddhartha also knew that he was not happy even though he was rich.
Siddons as the Tragic Muse," in 1784 (see Infobox), and signed it on the hem of her dress, "for," he told her, "I have resolved to go down to posterity on the hem of your garment."
Side projects usually happen so that a musician can do music that they would not normally do as part of the band.
Sidney, Jerry, Douglas, Kyle and Jill rush in to save Olivia, but the killer injures them and gets away; Sidney, Jerry, Douglas, Kyle and Jill are taken to the hospital.
Siegfried rushes into the night to find Odette.
Sienna Tiggy Guillory (said like "Gil-ir-ee" (
Signals from the spinal cord tell the brain what is going on in the body.
Signature move known as the cross face chicken wing was said to be inescapable once fully applied.
SI has now replaced the CGS system of units in most applications.
Silbermann also built some of the earliest pianos.
Silver-haired bats are slow but can turn quickly.
Silver iodide is sprinkled in clouds to make rain.
Silver was the main currency (money) in China and Europe at the time, and China did not want to be bought by the foreigners.
SimAnimals is an example of a life simulation game.
Simba walks to the top of Pride Rock and roars.
's "I'm Beginning To See The Light."
Similar (although not identical) messages are emitted by the user scripts.
Similar dinosaurs are found all over the world at that time.
Similar horns have been made for a long time by many people.
Similarly, a form of mate is sold in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay in tea bags to be drunk in a similar way to tea.
Similarly, in England and Wales in 2006, 89% of terminations occurred at or under 12 weeks, 9% between 13 and 19 weeks, and 1.5% at or over 20 weeks.
Similarly, the American geneticist Charles Davenport was a lifelong promoter of eugenics, and wrote one of its first textbooks.
Similarly, The number 1 is the "multiplicative identity" for integers, real numbers, and complex numbers.
Similarly, understanding one concept often means understanding other concepts beforehand.
Similarly, when hot air rises rapidly in water bodies and if conditions are just right they are known as water sprout.
Similar networks of mirror neurons have also been implicated in social learning, motor cognition and social cognition.
Similar schemes exist outside London, run by each local authority.
Similar sizes of the Objects in the Plutonian system.
Similar species in the Lyside Sulphur's range include Queen Alexandra's Sulphur (Colias alexandra), the Cloudless Sulphur (Phoebis sennae), and the Statira Sulphur (Phoebis statira).
Similar to derealization is depersonalization, but the two are different.
Similar to many twin actors, the two have often played the same role.
Similar to the round-robin context, in leagues where most teams play on the same days during regular-season play, a team that does not play on a given day is said to be on bye.
Similar to the US version.
Simmons and his family starred in the reality show Gene Simmons: Family Jewels (2006-2010).
Simon Episopius was the speaker for the 13 members of the Remonstrants who were called to the Synod in 1618.
Simplification makes the language easier to use.
Simpson released another album in 2005 called I Am Me.
Sinatra was very angry.
Sinauer Associates, Sunderland, Mass. Provides basic and intermediate level processes and methods.
Since 1609, each governor of Chile held "Parlamentos" with Mapuche chiefs.
Since 1910, two football-clubs dominated in Roeselare: Sportvereniging Roeselare (after World War I known as SK Roeselare) and Football Club Roeselare (FC).
Since 1945, 36 individuals have served as prime minister; 32 as official prime ministers, and 4 in acting capacities.
Since 1945 Złotoryja was a part of German Reich.
Since 1960 the population was counted on December 31 every year.
Since 1961, she had a total of 45 Top 40 hits on the Billboard Hot 100. She also had 14 singles that sold more than one million – more than any other female artist.
Since 1975, the District has been administered by a popularly elected mayor and district council.
Since 1976, he has done figure-sculpting.
Since 1978, the AAU has lost most of its power.
Since 1981 with the formerly independent municipalities La Vounaise and Montborget, and in 1992 with Franex.
Since 1985, he was the chairman of the Tigrayan Peoples' Liberation Front, and the head of the ruling Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front.
Since 1986 it has been an independent fair.
Since 1986, Lifeline members have received 48 Joseph Jefferson Awards.
Since 1990 the ITS 90 is in use.
Since 1991, the Washington County Courthouse has been in Wakefield.
Since 1993, non-Swiss citizens have been allowed to serve as Committee delegates abroad, a task which was previously restricted to Swiss citizens.
Since 1993, when independent Slovakia emerged, seven prime ministers (five individuals only) became Prime Ministers.
Since 1995 it has been run in September.
Since 1998, he has held the ceremonial position of Honorary Vice President of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly, North Korea's parliament.
Since 2000 he has been involved in STRONGESTMAN power all-around.
Since 2001 it is in the Central Governorate.
Since 2001, Kimbangu’s grandson, Simon Kimbangu Kiangani, has become the spiritual leader.
Since 2002, the mayor has been Peter Mahl.
Since 2003 Snowstar Records is active in the alternative pop music scene.
Since 2006, Karbauskis has been the President of the Lithuanian Drafts Federation, and since 2009 he has been the Vice-President of the Lithuanian Jamaican Horse Association (a historical horse breed from Lithuania).
Since 2008, the agency had about 1,400 employees.
Since 2010, she also is a television presenter.
Since 2011 and still flourishing.
Since 2012, it is possible for people and organizations to write to the Tatarstan government in either the Latin or Arabic scripts, but the government has to answer in Cyrillic.
Since 2012 the museum publishes the cycling-historic magazine ‘Etappe’.
Since 2013, however, Oscar has pursued a solo career and focused on working behind the limelight in producing other composing artists.
Since 2017 Esther Hayut has been president if the Supreme Court.
Since 2017 he has been minister of Education for children and teenagers.
Since 3 April, Executive Yuan will half-mast for 3 days to mourn for the deaths in this accident.
Since childhood he loved machines and experimented with them.
Since Eleanor was foreign, many of her subjects did not like her.
Since healthcare needs remain fairly consistent regardless of the economy, this field was not subject to the same pressures that affected other industries in the early 2000s.
Since he could not play the bass guitar, the changes were not made.
Since he had initially used Loft's finances and facilities to establish the new Pepsi success, the near-bankrupt Loft Company sued Guth for possession of the Pepsi-Cola company.
Since hentai is anime, the performers are not bound by physical laws.
Since he was less than ten years old when he became shah, the job of governing Persia was given to the grand vizier Saru Taqi.
Since he was put in prison, Öcalan has had much more time to read and write.
Since Hip Hop is a culture beyond dancing that includes art, music, poetry and fashion, it is even harder to define when hip hop dancing actually started.
Since it has been built it has been repainted 18 times, each of these 18 paint jobs there were only 25 painters are hired to do the job.
Since it must move the contents of A into B, it must wait for the ending of the LOAD instruction.
Since it repeats, this code will turn the LED on and off again and again.
Since it was far from land, it did not cause much damage.
Since Jasmine has been cultivated all over the world for its flowers and scent, there are different varieties, and each type of Jasmine is associated with different meanings.
Since Jesus is the Founder of Christianity, they view him as the founder of their organization.
Since June 20, 2007, SPHE has handled distribution of children's content formerly handled by Sony BMG's Sony Wonder label.
Since many authors were banned, and could not publish their works, people used typescripts to circulate their work.
Since many of these languages have no written form, letters are usually written in Urdu or Persian.
Since no German Field Marshal had ever been taken prisoner, Hitler assumed that Paulus would fight on or kill himself.
Since November 2007 Thomas W. Gaehtgens has been GRI's director; Associated Press.
Since October 2010, he has been the Shadow Leader of the House of Commons.
Since Red Army came to being on December 15, 2013, it first faced the toughest games which relegated it to second division initially, but as of 2016; it consolidated its strength that promotes it to first division.
Since September 2016 Wienen has been mayor of Haarlem.
Since September 27, 2017 - Member of the Bureau of the UN Sustainable Energy Committee.
Since Siberian tigers live in such cold regions, an adult needs to eat at least convert of food every day to survive, but adults can eat as much as 50 kilograms of meat.
Since spring 2013, he runs the Capital Weekender beginning with The weekend lives on Capital!
Since Takagi transited the Solomons during the night, the Nouméa-based U.S. Navy PBYs did not sight him (Lundstrom).
Since the 18th century, scientists thought the great apes to be closely related to human beings.
Since the 1950s, Punjab industrialized rapidly.
Since the 1980–81 season, the award is decided by a panel of sportswriters and broadcasters throughout the United States and Canada.
Since the 1980s, the debate has focused on the causes of some minorities at all stages of the criminal justice system, including arrests, racial background of violent criminals as identified by their victims, prosecutions and incarcerations.
Since the 1 April 1956 Ludwigsburg is a large district town.
Since the 2005 admission exam, UEL adopted an official system of quotas for black students, as well as quotas for applicants originating from public schools, in order to attend to social and minority support policies.
Since the binding energy per nucleon peaks around iron, energy is only released in fusion processes occurring below this point.
Since the definition of an atheist is someone who full believes that there is no god or gods, Jim therefore cannot be an atheist because he does not fully believe that god or gods do not exist.
Since the Diaspora, there have been many attempts to make a new homeland for the Jewish people.
Since the disaster, India has experienced rapid industrialization.
Since the engine is close to the ground, it is possible that they can be damaged by things lying on the ground.
Since the first pterosaur fossil was found, twenty-nine species of pterosaurs have been found in those deposits alone.
Since the independence of South Sudan in 2011, the SPLM is de facto the only party in the country.
Since their album Make Yourself, most of their albums have been selling gold or platinum.
Since then, 17 convocations (sessions) of the Verkhovna Rada were held.
Since then it has been held in a different country every year.
Since then, it has been the most popular photographic film format.
Since then it has developed a league system that is divided into two divisions: ČLAF A and ČLAF B. The most successful team is Prague Panthers, whom have won 12 titles.
Since then, production has increased to millions per day.
Since then, several women have attained the Vice Presidency, and the female proportion after the Cold War has been about 15%.
Since then, she belonged to the ensemble of the Vienna State Opera until she retired in 1976.
Since then, the phrase has become a common expression which has also been used in clinical and research literature.
Since then, the society has grown with the help of people all over the world.
Since then this word has developed into the Modern German word Österreich, which literally means "East Empire."
Since the radius is limited, the power of the machine becomes limited by the strength of the magnetic field.
Since the Romans did not allow the Jewish authorities to kill anyone, Jesus was then brought to Pontius Pilate.
Since the split, Cameron fell for her Descendants co-star Thomas Doherty (Harry Hook), the two are now a happy, and lovestruck pair.
Since the state’s founding, there have been 11 Democratic governor of Kansas, six of whom were elected after 1961.
Since they are an animated group, they cannot perform live, like other bands can.
Since they live on the ground in fairly dense undergrowth, sound is used by the males to attract attention.
Since they need to look at the contents of the traffic going into them, they are much more complicated than a hub or repeater.
Since they often hunt in trees, bushes, and on the sides of walls, if the jumping spider misses it may fall off.
Since they only live for 2.9x10 –13 seconds, they do not have a significant role in the regular world.
Since they perform every day in the theater, in the days when they were less known their fans could visit every day and meet their favorite members afterwards.
Since they still changed its number at every new year festival, the first year of a new era might only be a few days long.
Since World War II, the senior (longest serving) member of the majority party has filled this position.
Singapore carriers were allowed to operate domestic UK services as well as services beyond London Heathrow to a number of destinations, including the United States along with Canada.
Singer Gwen Stefani released a solo album, Love.
Singer is well-known for his book Animal Liberation (1975).
Singer Wagner Lamounier and bass player Paulo Jr. were the first stable members to join the band along the Cavaleras.
"Singles Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" became another number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100. The album earned six Grammys in 2010, the most Grammys won by a woman in one night.
Sinn Féin got more distanced from the IRA.
Siraji was shot and killed on 3 May 2017 when soldiers opened fire as he drove his vehicle near Villa Somalia at the age of 31. The circumstances of the shooting were not immediately clear.
Sir Alexander de Seton had secretly left the King of England's Army and came to Robert the Bruce that night.
Sir Anthony James Leggett main (born 26 March 1938) is a British theoretical physicist.
Sircooco is a bird, famously known Kakapo, commonly known as the bird of unintelligence.
Sir Edward Coke, the attorney general, prosecuted, and the Earl of Northampton made a speech refuting the charges laid by Sir Everard Digby.
Sir Griflet is his cousin.
Sir Henry Irving was an actor and friend of Bram Stoker.
Sir Isaac Newton’s calculations changed the way people understood the universe.
Sir Kenneth Oakley has determined the human skulls to be approximately 620 years old.
"Sir, my fruit is plucked", he said, "I have concluded not to marry until I'm thirty."
Sir Philip Lavallin Wroughton main (19 April 1933 7 November 2020) is a British politician and businessman.
Sir Syed also increased the political awareness of Muslims in the Sub-continent.
's "I Shall Be Released" was uploaded onto the bands MySpace page as a Christmas Present to their fans in 2006.
's island, they join up with Clarisse, Grover, and later Tyson (who did not die), and leave with the Golden Fleece.
Sisley is known for his Impressionist landscapes painted en plein air, that is, outdoors.
Situmorang was born in Harianboho, North Sumatra.
Six bridges go over the river in Marijampolė.
Six singles were released from the album: "Enter Sandman", "The Unforgiven", "Nothing Else Matters", "Wherever I May Roam", "Sad but True", and "Don't Tread on Me".
Sixteen people were killed in the incident.
Sixteen teams each played 78 games.
Sixty four teams took part in the doubles events.
Sixty years later, the state of Maryland took control of the college and renamed it Maryland State University.
Six years after this prediction it was found to be so, Ford E.B. 1949.
Six years later the company was renamed English National Opera.
's Kalinga Prize for the popularisation of science.
Skandera-Trombley, Laura E. Mark Twain in the Company of Women.
Skaryna graduated from the arts faculty at the University of Kraków in 1504.
Ski lifts work year-round at Mount Buller which help bike riders to easily get to the top of downhill mountain biking runs.
Skillet announced the release of Awake and Remixed EP in early March 2011.
Skills that work well in one type of acting may not work well in another type of acting.
Skin tests can diagnose an allergy to penicillin, but there are no skin tests for other medications.
Skorzeny and his men wore their German uniforms underneath their American ones in case of capture.
Skyland is a part of the Good Hope neighborhood.
SkyOS is mostly POSIX-compliant.
's largest international and domestic airport.
Slated were several programming blocks, an evening Go! family block targeted at both children and their families, a Spanish language-programming block, "PBS Kids Vayan!" and a school block.
Slater signed Apple to the label.
’s latest role model".
Slaveholders in Missouri were nervous about having a free-state on its western border.
Slavery had become a subject of vital interest to everyone in the United States.
Slavery was abolished by the 13th Amendment, effective December 1865.
Slaves were free there.
Slaves were used in many ancient societies.
Slave trading was not very popular until later in Ancient Egypt. Afterwards, slave trades sprang up all over Egypt.
Sleepwalking may last as little as 30 seconds or as long as thirty minutes.
Slide projectors were common in the 1950s and 1960s as a form of entertainment; family members and friends would gather to view slideshows.
's life are shown in the same way.
's List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor reported nine goods of which six are produced by child labourers in Pakistan.
's list of potential Supreme Court justices.
's list of the 100 greatest songs of the '90s.
's list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
Slobodna Dalmacija, March 29, 2008: citation Želimir Babogredac said in response that Croatia Records has all the legal rights to release titles by Štulić and Azra, as the company is a direct successor of Jugoton, whom these artists were signed for.
Slot scanners are typically used to scan bar codes on identification cards.
's love interest in the 1962 movie Follow That Dream.
Slovenia assumed 62% and Croatia the remaining 38%.
Slow blow fuses will let the current exceed the rating for a fraction of a second, to allow devices like motors to start up.
Slowly there were Niramay Ayurvedic Hospitals franchisee opening up in various cities around the world with trained ayurvedic experts handling the patients and doing proper panchakarma treatments.
Sly Cooper went to Paris and got his case file.
's major roads.
Small amounts of aluminium are released to the environment at the coal-fired power plants or incinerators.
Small birds ate the seeds and then sparrowhawks ate the small birds.
Smaller anteaters that live in trees do not.
Smaller is better.
Smallest of the agencies in FATA, it has a hilly terrain.
Small hounds were mentioned in the Forest Laws.
Small leafless trees or branches are carried indoors and decorated with colored eggs, paper trims, and lights.
Smallmouth bass that live in sandy areas of lakes, tend to be a light yellow-brown and are more oval-shaped.
Small papers with a one or two page message are called "tracts".
Small portions of the county are administered by councils that are based in neighbouring counties, notably the village of Aghagallon in the Craigavon Borough and the town of Portrush in the Coleraine Borough.
Small trading colonies sprang up where the present towns of Hoboken and Jersey City are located.
's mayor William Borg, Private Benjamin (1980) as Mr. Waxman, and as the Mayor of New York City in The Taking of Pelham One Two Three (1974), The Muppets Take Manhattan as the Mayor of New York City.
Smith became a free agent following the 2013 season, but expressed interest in remaining with the Tribe.
Smith became famous for setting flying records.
Smith died on 11 April 2017.
Smith earned his first major league win on April 24, 2007 after coming on in relief in the 12th inning.
Smith has won two awards from both Billboard Magazine and Cash Box.
Smith is also a combat veteran.
Smith is kept captive by the Native Americans who wants to kill Smith.
Smith later became Miss USA and Miss Universe.
Smith was a researcher at NYIT’s Computer Graphics Lab.
Smith was married to Isabella Wood from 1896 until his death in 1948.
Smith was to retire after the maiden voyage of the Titanic, but he died when the ship sank.
Smith & Wesson became so profitable that the two partners were the wealthiest men in Springfield by 1865.
Smoker died at a hospital in London on 7 April 2020, aged 96, after a long-illness.
's most important industrial city.
's most populous county as well as its most densely populated.
's mother" and the first time his last name, "Van Houten", is used.
's mother, during his crucifixion.
's motion, guarantees workers right.
Smuggling means illegal transport of goods, objects substances or information across state, national or international borders.
's music in several places.
Smylie, James H. "Uncle Tom's Cabin Revisited: the Bible, the Romantic Imagination, and the Sympathies of Christ."
Snaefell is the Isle of Man's highest mountain, it measures 621 meters above sea level.
SNCC would become an important group in the civil rights movement.
SNEP was established in 1922, and has 48 member companies.
Snowball and Napoleon fall out with each other, as they have different ideas for how Animal Farm should be led.
Snowbird Ice cream had 21 flavors at the time, which was praised as novel and fresh.
Snowboard became their thirteenth sport.
Snow only above 500 meters above sea level.
So a C-54 was converted into a civil aircraft and repainted with the El Al logo in order to bring back the President to Israel.
So, a fuel is more efficient if the specific impulse is higher.
So, Airbus started a new project in November 1987: the A330 and A340 programs.
So all headwords in a dictionary are lexemes.
So, an inverter will use a lot of current on the DC side when only a small amount is being used on the AC side.
So antiretrovirals are a treatment but not a cure for HIV.
So a tournament was held for the Intercontinental Championship.
So, at those places, a small object keeps more or less in a stable position.
So Austria Salzburg played the international matches in Viennas Ernst Happel Stadion.
So a year which has 366 days instead of 365 days where the month of February has 29 days is called a leap year.
Sobakin comes in with Lykov and the four of them sing about looking forward to the wedding.
So BPVC is harmless dizziness in children that comes and goes suddenly.
Sobrante left the band to go to college as they were making waves and gaining popularity.
So-called 'Greek Mills' used water wheels with a vertically mounted shaft.
So called leptomes and ulcers will eat away the skin, the flesh and the organs on the patches.
Socialism can fix this issue, because with socialism, the means of production are owned by all people, they are a common good.
Social isolation has also been shown to physically change the brain.
Social reinforcers are things that have social value or meaning.
Sociologists, Robert S. Lynd and his wife, Helen Merrell Lynd, studied Muncie in the 1920s.
So, Classicism and Neoclassicism are often used together.
So, Corfu resemble a south Italian City.
Socrates is usually the main person in Plato's dialogues.
So did the flatness of the solar system's shape.
Sodium filters the alien star light of HD 209458 as the hot Jupiter planet passes in front.
Sodium ions are found in the ocean.
So Elijah went, and met the widow gathering sticks to make the last meal for her son and herself.
So far, there have been five tropical depression, four of those five became a tropical storm, while only one because a hurricane.
Sofía, her second daughter, was born in April 2007.
So, from "De Hoed van Geeraard de Duivel" ("The Hat Of Gerard the Devil" (1950)) onward the series was named after Nero instead.
Soft drinks that do not have caffeine in them are sometimes called decaffeinated.
Softer areas become eroded much faster than harder ones, which can cause things like tunnels, bridges, columns, and pillars.
So he argued that the US Government – in addition to the embargo's direct influence on supporting Cuba's regime – indirectly interferes with the possibility of improving Cuba.
So he opened to the public about his sickness.
So he pretended that he had not seen him.
So he repressed them.
So her friends and crush team up to make an art project from pictures of tattoos Nikki did with her lucky pen.
So if the horse misses the Kentucky Derby when he is three, he will not get another chance to race in it.
So if they've not got round to doing that, I doubt they're too worried about the congestion charge."
"So I'm writing some scripts to try to track things a whole lot faster."
So in ten seconds, ten coulombs have passed through the light bulb.
So, in the early Middle Ages, the coastal area of Dalmatia retained its original Latinized culture, mainly on the islands and cities such as Zara, Spalato, Ragusa and Cattaro.
So in the end South Carolina had shown it could force its will on Congress by resisting a federal law.
So, investors should talk with a licensed financial adviser and carefully review all information available before making any investment decision.
So it is not right to think of such societies as simply composed of owners and workers, or rich and poor.
So it takes cancer cells out of the blood and they grow in the liver.
So I was, like, "OK, fuck you.
So I was never given a reason.
"So I was sceptical about coming to the this ceremony today.
So, I went in and every time I had to learn a new song I would play them exactly how Dave played them".
Solar cookers are an inexpensive and environmentally sound alternative to traditional ovens.
So last year, AT&T, based in Bedminster, N.J., discontinued marketing residential long-distance service to new customers."
's old headquarters building.
Soldiers were chosen for military duty every year and served as medics and technicians.
Solo is killed by his son Kylo Ren (Ben Solo) towards the end of the movie.
Solomon Islands – National Anthem.
Solomon was the Minister of Marine Resources in the Eritrean government.
Solon also organized citizens into four classes based on wealth, not birth.
Solti also had other jobs.
Solving the two square roots, the value of x can be either 1.148 or -0.348, which is the same as above.
So many closed all around the world.
Somatic mutation leading to mosaicism is common in the beginning and end stages of human life.
Some 65,000 species (13,000 of which are living) have been identified.
Some adults strongly objected to rhythm and blues music.
Some agronomists believe that rock flour has a powerful effect in restoring trace minerals to soil.
Some aircraft companies had already thought that this would need to happen.
Some animals keep the zygote in their bodies until it is a full-grown baby.
Some anti-authoritarian movements used Laozi teachings to represent the power of the weak.
Some are made from the blackthorn bush.
Some are purely functional, that is to simply stop fraying, while others can also be decorative.
Some are real-life animals, like cows, pigs, and sheep.
Some are simply unavailable because they are banned in many countries.
Some are translations and some are paraphrases.
Some are worn to sleep in.
Some arsenic minerals have a metal and sulfur along with arsenic.
Some authorities consider this a member of the subspecies Cebus capucinus imitator.
Some authors think it actually may be its core; citation but others do not.
Some baby phones also use DECT technology.
Some beetle larvae eat the outside of plants; some eat inside plants.
Some believe that the Jomon people were the first people in the world to create pottery but other scholars do not think so.
Some believe that this city was built by the Toltec people, but others believe that Tehuatican is much older than the Toltec Civilization.
Some big trips cannot be undertaken safely without a convoy of several vehicles.
Some bought up large amounts of the rich agricultural land, others organised the exploitation and modernisation of mines and harbours.
Some buildings date back to Roman times.
Some came back to the agricultural field while many left.
Some can be very large, especially when used to simulate the conditions of a real flight.
Some castles are owned by the state, and others are owned by private people.
Some cast members who play main characters have made previous appearances in minor Holby City roles.
Some certain expert say it take at least 3 to 4 years.
Some characteristics are common to most styles of African American music.
Some characters seem to play more like other characters who were in the first game, like Ganondorf compared to Captain Falcon.
Some chefs are trained and some are not trained.
Some chemists call the Diels–Alder reaction the '
Some children in wheelchairs are seen playing basketball.
Some children's choirs also include youth and, therefore, may include changed voices (tenor and bass).
Some choices for the Hall of Fame have not been popular like famous people who did not wrestle.
Some circuit boards are made plain so a person can build their own for a new electrical task.
Some claim that the use of the word in this sense derives from naval usage.
Some claim they are a yet undeciphered language.
Some classifications split the colobine monkeys into two tribes, while others split them into three groups.
Some clinics can become as large as hospitals, but still have the name Clinic.
Some comedy movies have "slapstick comedy," in which people just do silly things such as tripping, falling over or embarrassing themselves just to make people laugh.
Some comes from the American Oil Palm.
Some common household products are bases.
Some communities have stricter standards and expect women to cover their elbows and legs, with blouses covering the collarbone and sleeves covering elbows.
Some companies like to hire independent contractors and then tell them exactly what to do and when to do it, like regular employees.
Some computers automatically underclock themselves when the system is not doing a lot of work.
Some consider it offensive to name a team after a race or ethnic group, resulting in protests and legal challenges, but the team owners have refused to think about changing the name.
Some consolidated city-counties, however, include more than one incorporated places.
Some cooking-forks have two tines.
Some countries have abolished royalty altogether, as in post-
Some countries have already shut down their 2G networks.
Some countries have beautifully patterned granite which is quarried (cut in open mines) and sold for building material.
Some countries have made very large coins for collectors.
Some countries have more than one capital for different purposes.
Some countries make the Nuncio Dean of the Diplomatic Corps (head of the group of ambassadors to its country).
Some countries where prostitution is legal allow it to happen in a brothel, others allow it to happen "
Some country's commander-in-chief does not need to have been a soldier or involved in the military.
Some CPUs have hardware support for context switches, else if not, it is performed totally by the operating system software.
Some criticism was made of the slowness of Montgomery's advance.
", "Someday" and "I Don't Wanna Cry" all reached number one in the US.
Some deaf and hearing people think there should be.
Some define the hadopelagic as waters below 6000 meters, whether in a trench or not.
Some department stores sell products cheaper than other stores.
Some depressant and stimulant drugs also have a hallucinogenic effect in high doses, including cannabis and ecstasy.
Some derived units have special names.
Some describe his projects.
Some did not like it.
Some diseases must be treated during the whole life; they are chronic (long-lasting) diseases.
Some double bass players still hold the bow in this way (this is called the German method.
Some drugs and medications have common abbreviations.
Some Dunhuang documents say Gampo had a sister Sad-mar-kar and a younger brother.
Some early roles include Parsons in 1984 (his second Orwell movie).
Some editions are meant for home use, while others are made mainly for businesses.
Some educators even believe DDR should be in schools as exercise.
Some elements of its Jewish heritage were preserved in the renovation.
Some employers like to hire independent contractors, or workers who are technically running their own businesses, because they do not have to follow all of the same laws.
Some essential oils like tea tree citation do have an anti-microbial effect, so they may be useful for the treatment of infections.
Some estimates cover population losses over the course of the Conquest Period (1649–52) only, citation while others cover the period of the Conquest to 1653 and the period of the Cromwellian Settlement from August 1652 to 1659 together.
Some European countries recognized the Soviet Union as a proper country in the early 1920s.
Some even elect a mayor.
Some even made programs that can translate the instructions that describe how a compiler should work, into a compiler.
Some exhibitions show things which can be bought.
Some famous Hoysala kings were Vishnuvardhana, Veera Ballala II and Veera Ballala III.
Some famous players are also associated with some melodies, like Confucius and Qu Yuan.
Some farmers even called their fields after Freyr, in the hope that this would ensure a good harvest.
Some felt he had relied upon his false professorship to prove he was right about his changes.
Some females may get as big as convert, and weigh about convert.
Some file systems do not support to be grown after they have been created.
Some filters can be screwed in front of a lens that is made for this.
Some fragmentary species, such as Calamospondylus oweni and Thecocoelurus daviesi, may have been even earlier members of the Oviraptorosauria.
Some fruitarians will eat only what comes naturally from a plant: foods that can be harvested without killing or harming the plant.
Some Gothic windows have designs in the tracery, or even in the top of the window itself, that rises up like a flame.
Some groups argue that there should be rules about the use of nanotechnology.
Some groups have even had 100 capybaras.
Some have cameras to take pictures from a height to get information.
Some human babies are born with teeth.
Some huntsman spiders in South East Asia can have a leg span of around 250–300 mm (9.8–11.8 in).
Some ice worlds might have subsurface oceans, warmed by internal heat or tidal forces from another nearby body.
Some industries also make chemicals that make poisonous fumes (smoke).
Some industry organizations, such as the WS-I, mandate both SOAP and WSDL in their definition of a Web service.
Some initiation ceremonies were secret and only attended by males.
Some items are sold door-to-door, in which a sales person goes to a possible customers home and tries to sell an item.
Some jobs are secret and can only be unlocked in the GBA version.
Some kinds of Jewish worship can be done alone or with fewer than ten people.
Some kinds of solipsism say that everything outside a person's own mind (including other people) is only imaginary.
Some kinds of spiders hide in holes in the ground, then run out and grab an insect that walks by.
Some kinds of welding do not use an electric arc.
Some ladders are vertical (they go straight up or down).
Some large cities had several palaestrae.
Some larger cities have "Bahá'í Centers" which can be used for community meetings, classes, or for meetings of committees and other councils.
Some leaving groups are better than others.
Some ligaments limit the amount of movement in a joint, or stop certain movements altogether.
Some liked or loved its unashamed vulgarity.
Some lobsters change color when they grow a new shell.
Some lots may be bare earth.
Some lyrics are so strange that it is nearly impossible to understand them.
Some major political groups and countries have made statements that promote human rights.
Some Minahasan tribes helped Spain capture the Portuguese fort at Amurang in the 1550s.
Some misandrists are prejudiced against men.
Some missions only have one level while others have many.
Some moderate halophiles produce sugars outside the cell.
Some modern adhesives are extremely strong, and are becoming increasingly important in modern construction and industry.
Some modern painters use tempera.
Some more names are like Ila, Bharati, Mahi, and Hotra.
Some myths explain Scylla's beginnings.
Some new mothers do not bond instantly, however.
Some non-profits are small groups of people such as a block association or community group.
Some of Blofeld's characteristics have become popular as a supervillain in fiction and media.
Some of Comeback Kid's members were Christian but not anymore.
Some of Durieu's nudes were used by Delacroix to creating his own paintings and drawings.
Some of her best known songs are Alma de blues, Mi pequeño tesoro, and Cómo hemos cambiado.
Some of her most well-known and best-loved songs are "Blessed Assurance", "Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour", and "To God Be the Glory".
Some of his best-known songs are "Heart of Gold", "Helpless", "After the Gold Rush", "Rockin' in the Free World", "Cinnamon Girl", "Southern Man" and "Like a Hurricane".
Some of his compositions were solo pieces, and some were ensemble pieces.
Some of his father's fans were sad that he wanted to do this, but others understood.
Some of his most well-known were Blood of a Poet (1930), Les Parents terribles (1948), and Orpheus (1949).
Some of his patients had gotten cowpox, and recovered from it.
Some of his watercolours are the most abstract or generalised of his paintings.
Some of the best poem writers at certain times were Arab Christians, and many Arab Christians were doctors, writers, government staff, and people who knew a lot about literature.
Some of the better-known ones are The Last Tycoon (1976), Black Widow (1987) and Spider-Man 3 (2007).
Some of the carbon from plants also becomes part of the soil, where it can stay for a long time before decomposing.
Some of the children claimed by Palmer as belonging to Charles are in doubt.
Some of the composers wrote several settings.
Some of the deceased were treated at COVID-19 isolation centres at hospitals in the districts and others were denied treatment, though no tests were given to confirm contagion.
Some of the differences are: Variegated Fritillaries have 2-3 broods per year vs. one per year in Speyeria.
Some of the film that was shot outside has been preserved.
Some of the instruments that these luthiers made are still here today.
Some of the iPhone's features are based on the Newton.
Some of their greatest hits are The Beautiful People, Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This), The Dope Show, Disposable Teens, Tainted Love, and Personal Jesus.
Some of the later pictures have bits of the promenade theme in the music.
Some of them are the Gazelles (play) Evening Visitor (play), Gardens of the Night Trilogy (novels), The Valley of Ashes (novel), and his twelve volume epic novel Maps of the Soul.
Some of them melt in hot water.
Some of the most important books of medieval Jewish though were originally written in Judaeo-Arabic, as well as certain halakhic works and biblical commentary.
Some of the most important today are downtown.
Some of the music in the movie was made by Makoto Yoshimori.
Some of them will be duplicates, but not as many as you might think because this system is not like the Equal tempered system now used for almost all Western music.
Some of the neighborhoods in Malden include Faulkner (location of the former Suffolk Square) West End, Edgeworth, Linden, Ferryway, Forestdale, Maplewood, Bellrock, and Belmont Hill (located between Bellrock and Ferryway).
Some of the rare earths are named after the scientists who discovered them, and some are named based on where they were discovered.
Some of the rebellions were defeated very easily.
Some of the saints have a symbol that represents their life.
Some of the Sea of Okhotsk's islands are quite large.
Some of these are kiloseconds and milliseconds.
Some of these codes were used by real pirates; others are from movies.
Some of these include "
Some of these might increase the fitness of the organism or code for a new function.
Some of these overlap those in the canonical gospels and some are not part of the Bible.
Some of these people may not know any English, where others will have learned some English in school, and will want to advance their knowledge of it.
Some of these showers aren't caused by post-monsoon rainfall but due to western disturbances.
Some of the spells were discovered together with small figures, which have falsely been described as voodoo dolls.
Some of the threats that makes the weasel to be near-threatened include habitat change, mainly caused by human development.
Some of the track lengths on the LP version are different from the lengths on the CD and cassette versions because the full tracks would not all fit on a single vinyl disc.
Some of the ways Jews enjoy Shabbat were already described above.
Some of the weapons have a secondary fire mode which shoots in a different way.
Some of the winning flags had different numbers of points on the stars of the Southern Cross.
Some of those intersex people who people said were female (girls) when they were born want to change this later in their lives.
Some of those special Mustangs had special names such as Mustang GT, Mach 1, Boss 302, Boss 351, Boss 429 and 429 SCJ, or "Super Cobra Jet."
Some old anchors have attached to the shank a stock, which is a bar that places the anchor in a certain way when it falls on the seabed.
Someone made him turn round, and he saw that people were applauding enthusiastically.
Someone who is working as a deputy will deputize (stand in for someone else).
Someone who plays it is a “fiddler”.
Someone who studies or works in this field is called an Egyptologist.
Some Ossetian people wanted to call the country Alania again.
Some other names for the caron are: wedge, inverted circumflex, and inverted hat.
Some other reducing agents react with iron(III) chloride to make iron(II) chloride.
Some palaeontologists prefer the name Cetiosaurus brevis.
"Some parallels between gene control systems in Maize and in bacteria".
Some parts of it are visible to the south and west of the abbey.
Some parts of the telescope can work even when they are warm, and are still working.
Some Pashtuns and Tajiks marry each other but at the same time they are rivals.
Some people are both atheist and agnostic—they reject belief in any deities without claiming to know that deities do not exist.
Some people believe that a copy of Sei Shōnagon's book was given to Empress Sadako's daughter.
Some people believe that he is a sky-god figure and formerly the chief god, replaced over the years by Woden.
Some people complain, insult God, insult Moses.
Some people continue to call their Furbies by the terms 'wedding Furby', 'tuxedo Furby', 'snowball Furby', 'biker Furby', and others.
Some people described the spread of the disease as a sexidemic (widespread).
Some people did not like it because of the superficial coverage of some historical events.
Some people didn't like it when the planning meetings were kept secret away from the public.
Some people do not use Oxford commas: "cows, horses, pigs and sheep".
Some people find it lighter and more relaxing than rock and roll while some cannot stand it.
Some people get strep throat more often than others.
Some people have high levels of radon in their houses, and this can be very dangerous.
Some people have wondered if his death was connected with these other issues.
Some people in the furry fandom find that attraction to furry characters or people in fursuits is an important part of their sexuality, and some do not.
Some people in the United States want to complete the change-over to the metric system.
Some people oppose eugenics and genetic counselling for religious reasons.
Some people outside of Japan wear lolita fashion.
Some people pick one person and call them their "Valentine" as a gesture to show love and appreciation.
Some people said that their love was not "unconditional" because of their hostile reaction to Leelah when she told them she was trans.
Some people say men are more likely to abuse children than women Herek, Gregory M. 2002.
Some people say that Hitler did not understand Nietzsche's ideas, but he used them to try to show that his actions were right.
Some people say that there is a link between undiagnosed BDD and a higher than average suicide rate with people who had cosmetic surgery.
Some people simply photographed nude people.
Some people still use Native American languages.
Some people study theology to better understand their own religion, while other people study theology so that they can compare religions.
Some people suspected that Shakespeare might not have written the works attributed to him.
Some people swim nude in lakes or rivers when they go camping.
Some people think she was Asia.
Some people think that first-past-the-post is unfair because they believe that many votes are wasted.
Some people think that the cutting off of the wife's hair was a ceremony that showed she was going into a new life.
Some people think that when you have an OBE, you're like a ghost and the things you see are real.
Some people wanted land.
Some people were concerned that too much antimony was coming out.
Some people with porn addiction say they suffer from social isolation or depression.
Some people wore clothes and hairstyles that were strange and a bit scary, like Mohawk hairstyles and leather jackets with metal studs.
Some people would fight each other, and everyone else would be very worried about their own safety.
Some phosphorus compounds are toxic, but the common phosphates are not toxic.
Some places or countries may have forbiddden their use.
Some plants reproduce by asexual budding; small complete plants grow along the edge of this leaf.
Some plum trees need another plum tree growing nearby to fertilise the flowers.
Some populations may not metamorphose at all, and become sexually mature while in their larval form.
Some powers under Isle of Man legislation do still fall to the Governor or Governor-in-Council.
Some prehistoric species, such as the Mesonychia, were carnivorous.
Some problems are simple, such as "how many legs do flies have?" and some are very deep, such as "why do objects fall to the ground?"
Some Protestants were even executed, including Anne Askew.
Some pubs also hire people to take away empty bottles and glasses, though commonly the bartenders will do this as well.
Some questions have been raised inquiring whether Mallory had actually said it, or if it was a newspaper reporter making it up.
Some reach several millimeters in length, making them among the largest single celled organisms.
Some readers liked Breaking Dawn but others did not.
Some relationships end because both people are unhappy.
Some romanization systems are based on transcription, some are based on transliteration, and some are based on both.
Some roots are short, some are meters long.
Some rulers in history condemned children, too.
Some salamanders stay in the water, but look like adults.
Some say that ball lightning can kill humans, while others say that its effect on humans are harmless.
Some scientists like Sam Parnia are doing tests with hidden pictures in hospitals, to see if ill people really can see them when they have NDEs.
Some scientists think it is more like a duck or a goose.
Some scientists think that there is a lot of liquid water and ammonia underneath the surface, enough to fill an entire ocean.
Some services on the Internet cost nothing to use.
Some Siamese cat's enjoy 'talking', which has been said to sound like a human baby, and are always want attention.
Some smartphones are designed so the user is able to take off the rear cover and take out the weakened battery, then insert a new and strong one.
Some sociologists believe that harems formerly existed because of female hypergamy.
Some sources say that the lifespan is 30 years.
Some species sold as red snapper may be other fish in the family.
Some states allow laws to be made with a direct vote by the public, called an "
Some stops may control more than one rank.
Some tags can be read from several meters away and beyond the line of sight of the reader.
Some taxonomists, such as Benton, Benton, Michael J. 2004.
Some teams have never won a championship.
Some text books call these verbs multi-word verbs.
Some texts do not invoke the gods, but merely list the targets of the curse, the crimes or conditions when the curse is valid, and/or the intended ill to befall them.
Some theatres also had a raised speaking place on the orchestra called the logeion.
Something in the grape helps lower the amount of cholesterol in the body.
Something like a movie screen or a smooth white wall is put up on the other side of the double slit device several meters away.
Something that is chosen at random is not chosen for any conscious reason, and therefore thought to be purely by chance.
Something that is open content may be free of charge, but it does not have to be.
Some time later, a zookeeper who was helping the studio with handling animals was attacked and eaten alive by lions.
Sometimes a crust forms on top of the mantle.
Sometimes a garden apartment has its own building entrance and a one car garage underneath it.
Sometimes, a group or a website will not allow some facts, articles, and pictures that they do not think should be seen.
Sometimes albatrosses may use the help of other animals to eat.
Sometimes an animal, such as a bee, sees or smells a flower.
Sometimes antivirus software sees viruses in files that do not really have viruses.
Sometimes a person realizes during a dream that they are dreaming, but keeps having the dream.
Sometimes a simple thing is repeated many times until it seems very complicated.
Sometimes authors are their own publishers.
Sometimes, bleeding can be both internal and external.
Sometimes, but not very often, the disease can be spread from human to human.
Sometimes, but often, they will co-write a song.
", sometimes called "Booting up" is the process that the computer completes to get it ready to use when it is first turned on.
Sometimes discharge from nipples will get better and not need treatment.
Sometimes he wants to catch Smurfs to eat them.
Sometimes he would carelessly ride on his horse, Shylock, throughout the night.
Sometimes it is confused with pink or purple.
Sometimes it is done to help people.
Sometimes it is gray because all of the nickel is not in the +2 oxidation state.
Sometimes lack of rain creates problems for farmers.
Sometimes, lawyers delay filing a lawsuit to wait and see how a test case is decided.
Sometimes live action (not animation) movies and television series are based on an anime.
Sometimes, Mario can ride Yoshi.
Sometimes, mathematics finds and studies rules or ideas that we don't understand yet.
Sometimes, native Japanese nouns can be written with multiple kanji.
Sometimes oral sex is performed as a way of getting ready for intercourse, but it may be done as an alternative to intercourse.
Sometimes, other locomotives such as an AN class or a DL class join the NR class to pull the train.
Sometimes parents might think talking about sex is inappropriate or that it is automatically encouraging their children to have sex, so they avoid talking about it entirely.
Sometimes people sang from there.
Sometimes people use other names for Northern Ireland.
Sometimes people use the torch route to make a point.
Sometimes "profession" only means learned professions, but sometimes the word may also be used for other jobs.
Sometimes satyrs were figured as the leader of drunks and pageantry.
Sometimes scientists ask for help from people who are collecting information anyway.
Sometimes she comes into conflict with "Mr.
Sometimes she performed by herself.
Sometimes, ships are unable to dock because of strong northwestern winds in winter.
Sometimes, suicidal people do something that will make another person kill them.
Sometimes, suicide risk assessments can bring up patients' rights issues.
Sometimes, the attacked person may fight back and try to kill the player.
Sometimes the brain does not have enough dopamine.
Sometimes, the brown-headed cowbird lays its eggs in the Robin's nest.
Sometimes the bullet would do little more than dribble out of the barrel and travel only a short distance.
Sometimes the claim is constructed because even though the people are not related to the Israelites, the ideas are similar.
Sometimes, the elephant would drag the condemned through streets before the crushing.
Sometimes the formula shows how the atoms are linked, and sometimes the formula shows how the atoms are arranged in space.
Sometimes the goaltender will raise his hand for icing also.
Sometimes their childhoods are very difficult because people expect so much of them.
Sometimes the kulpi is called "traditional Indian ice cream".
Sometimes the numbers make more sense when the computer turns them into a picture.
Sometimes the problem requires abstract thinking and coming up with a creative solution.
Sometimes the producers and director would select the music in post-production.
Sometimes there is a stone post in the middle of the doorway where there is a statue of the "
Sometimes these are as standalone effects and sometimes as a feature within a larger stunt show.
Sometimes these are quite different from the Estonian ones.
Sometimes these ladders are extension ladders.
Sometimes these orbits are split into levels, and only a certain number of electrons can fill each orbit before moving to a higher orbit.
Sometimes these problems are not noticed, so not everyone with bruxism knows they have it.
Sometimes, these properties are also used for defining the dot product, especially in 2 and 3 dimensions; this definition is equivalent to the above one.
Sometimes these rishis and their disciples would go to the royal courts and participate in discussions there.
Sometimes the sign is not so strange as a vision.
Sometimes the strings may be plucked (
Sometimes the theme is one they made up, at other times they took a theme that another composer had already written and then made variations on it.
Sometimes the toy ties in with a movie release.
Sometimes the walls are made of more wood.
Sometimes the word "quantum" will be used for advertising purposes to indicate something new and powerful.
Sometimes they are asked to pluck the string instead of bowing it.
Sometimes they help train and teach younger active wrestlers and give constructive criticism.
Sometimes they may also say "ee-sa".
Sometimes they were licensed institutions.
Sometimes they would be away from home two or three months at a time.
Sometimes thieves will make plans to rob a store, bank, house, or person, and sometimes they will just see a chance to steal something and take it.
Sometimes this is also called Freedom of expression.
Sometimes this leads to strange situations.
Sometimes two or more liquids mixed together are needed to dissolve a crystal.
Sometimes we have to make guesses about what a composer might have wanted.
Sometimes, Welk's band made recordings in Richmond, Indiana and in Grafton, Wisconsin for the Gennett and Paramount companies.
Sometimes, when a bachelor is going to be married, a bachelor party is organized to celebrate the last day that the person will be a bachelor for.
Sometimes, when species are found in different regions at different times of year, terms such as summer range and winter range can be used.
Sometimes, words from Tok Pisin and English are used, for example “aufpicken” (In English: to pick up) for “abholen” (translates as fetch).
Sometimes written as mBar.
Sometimes WWE will show Hall of Fame announcements and ceremonies on TV.
Sometimes, you have to make it past enemies.
Sometime warming centers are started because someone dies from the cold or many people are at risk.
Some trees and stones were holy to Finns, along with some forests.
Some true berries do not have berry in their name.
Some types of income are specifically excluded from gross income.
Some types of obi are not worn anymore, as they are too difficult to wear and put on.
Some types of snake may eat the least weasel.
Some unbelievers have suggested that SRI success is unique to soil conditions in Madagascar.
Some U.S. Army flamethrowers have a front handgrip with the same shape as the rear handgrip.
Some valleys appear to have rivers.
Some video game companies saw this and decided to give mod creators tools to help them make even more mods.
Some words of the eastern dialect can be traced back to Haitian Creole words used every day locally.
Some would be chosen and taken to Hartheim to be killed.
So Michelangelo began to work for the Medici again.
So, most people do not believe in Bigfoot.
So much so that you will tell your stories and you will make them legends, as well.
Son Amores from which he starred in from 2002 through 2003.
So nasal consonants sound both like sonorants and like obstruents.
Sonata Arctica's first music album was Ecliptica.
Songs released by hip-hop group The Black Eyed Peas.
Sonic tells the viewers his life, then accidentally drops his rings.
Sony unveiled Crystal LED display technology in the CES 2012.
Soon after a new marketplace was opened, and St. Peter's and Paul's hospital and a gymnasium.
Soon after, the empress' younger sister and the emperor's older brother died.
Soon, Mujahideen forces won Kabul and started to rule most parts of Afghanistan.
Soon Neruda became deeply involved in his poetry and in 1923 he published his first book: Crepusculario(Twilight Book).
Soon Pakhi gets know about Krishnendu's plot and his true identity.
Soon there were reforms in that countries.
Soon they became world famous, playing in concerts and festivals in many countries.
Soon they grew mice which included iPS cells.
So people can go to the stadium either by car or rail.
So police arrested Milat and searched his house.
So Roark travels back to New York.
Soros is now married to Tamiko Bolton since 2013.
So small children cannot use this method.
So, swimming at dusk and dawn or in murky waters is not recommended.
So that calculation gives us the length of line b in the chart.
So that it can be useful for the international community at large in long run.
So that's why Abbottabad is a really famous city and Huda Irfan, currently living in U.A.E has been selected for president next in line after Nawaz Khan, that old mouldy rat!
So, the fact that he was psychopath could not justify the crime he committed.
So their period began, and it is called the Three Kingdoms Period.
So the museum has a lot of racing-bicycles, cycling-trophies and -souvenirs, cycling-clothes, portraits of racing cyclists etc.
So the name "Arthur" is going to be used again in 2012.
So the name Deccan Muhahideen may literally mean Strugglers of the South, The South Strugglers or South Strugglers.
So, the name Emily was used again in 2011.
So then the only weapons that can be used against a fighter are parts of the body.
So there is every probability that a number of brahmana families were mixed up with members of other varnas in forming the present Kayastha and Vaidya communities of Bengal."
", so the Sun was hidden and the world became dark for a long time.
So, the symbols used in WLN were limited so that they could be stored on punched cards.
So they play in the 2011/12 season in the 1.class north.
So, to save money, Haydn Jones made very small entrances into the mine, which were considered unsafe by many people.
So twice a circuit they are closest, and twice a circuit they are furthest away.
Soul Asylum has four members in the band; the current band members are David Pirner, Dan Murphy, Michael Bland and Tommy Stinson.
Sound intensities can be very different.
South Africa drives on the left.
South east Wales was fully made Roman at the beginning of the fifth century.
Southerners did not believe the North would mobilize an army against them.
Southern Ostrobothnia has 18 municipalities, 8 of those are cities, listed below.
Southern slaveowners, hearing early reports that hundreds of abolitionists were involved, were glad the action was so small.
Southern Sotho is part of the Sotho language family.
Southern Uganda is wetter with rain generally throughout the year.
South Goa has a sex ratio of 980 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 85.53%.
South Goa is further divided into five subdivisions – Ponda, Mormugao (
South Korean military service.
South Korea's T1 is the most successful team in the tournament's history, having won three world championships.
South Korea submitted the song in 2012 and North Korea submitted the song in 2014.
South Sikkim has a sex ratio of 914 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 82.06%.
South west corner is hot and humid.
Southwest has over 90 flights per day, when it is most busy. citation The airport presently has 71 non-stop destinations.
's overtime goal won Canada the final gold medal awarded at the Games. citation At the 2012 World Championship in Finland and Sweden, Ryan Murray became the first draft eligible prospect to represent Canada at the Ice Hockey World Championship.
Sowerby's own hand coloured engravings, based upon original sketches and specimens brought to England, were both descriptive and striking.
So when art critics wanted to describe post-
So when looking at two monochromatic lights, they can be graphed as two lines in the frequency-domain (this plot shows power, P(ν), as a function of frequency).
So would the person asking.
Soyuz 11 was a manned space mission.
Space Adventures is a British-American CGI television series.
Space Chickens in Space is an Australian-Mexican-British-Irish animated television series created by José C. García de Letona and Rita Street.
Space has been set aside for the construction of a third parallel runway.
Space Invasion is a text-based online browser game.
SpaceX is currently working on two further rocket engines: SuperDraco and Raptor.
Spacey's first professional stage appearance was in 1981.
Spacey was Mendes' first choice for the role of Lester, though DreamWorks urged him to consider better-known actors.
's package is called HBO PAK.
's painting of The Importunate Neighbour (1895).
Spain was no longer Europe's greatest power.
's palace to prevent his removal.
Spanglish duets are songs with Spanish and English lyrics.
Spanish kings lived there until 1931 when King Alfonso XIII was forced to leave Spain.
Sparrow tells Will that Will's father, Bootstrap Turner was one of his crew on the Black Pearl.
's party in an election in December 2012.
Spawning occurs during late afternoon and evening hours.
Special Advent Calendars are made for children, with pictures or treats for each day of Advent.
"Special Education".
Specialized replaces some of these words with words used for religious subjects, such as blessing, prayer, miracle, and faith.
Special mobile psychiatric units - soldiers who could give PIE treatment in different places - were created.
Special Papers in Palaeontology, The Palaeontological Association, London.
Special permits are needed to enter Chukotka because the area is along an international border.
Special Skill: There is a chance that gadgets that are picked up are booby-trapped, causing damage to players.
Species concepts and their application: insights from the genera Seicercus and Phylloscopus.
Species that lack lungs respire through gills.
Specifically, the CD4 + subgroup of T lymphocytes Without the key defence that these T cells provide, the body becomes prone to infections that otherwise would not affect healthy people.
Specifies an extension to the SMTP service that allows an SMTP server and client to use transport-layer security to provide private, authenticated communication over the Internet.
"Speech to Harvard Model Congress: Youth Participation in Politics."
Speed skating is racing on ice.
Spelling: The action of expressing words by letters; or, naming the letters of words.
Spencer later published a book called The Man versus the State.
Spending Saturday together, they are starting to know each other better and then they realize that first of all each of them is a person.
's performance group the Hasty Pudding Theatricals.
SPES (Summer Program for Employment Services) program accepts 2,000 students who apply and is given an opportunity to work for the government.
Spherical mirrors are easier to make than parabolic mirrors and they are often used to produce approximately collimated light.
Spheroids that are not spheres are either oblate or prolate.
Spider-Man and the Green Goblin begin to fight in various places.
Spinks continued boxing with little success after that.
'Spinning: An Easy Way to Fish', Boys Life, Special Fishing Issue (June 1981), p. 39 Two types of spinning reels, open faced and close faced.
Spirit received generally positive to mixed reviews.
's plays are in blank verse.
's play The Tempest.
Spoken language is much richer than written language.
SpongeBob, Patrick, and Squidward surf The Big One and find Mr. Krabs and Cashy.
Spontaneous abortions (miscarriages) are common.
Sports and Games of the Ancients, pages 97-99, Greenwood Publishing Group.
Spotswood encouraged settlement in a river valley other than that of the James.
's President Akhmad Kadyrov is killed in an attack.
Spring and fall are usually short, while winter is cold.
Springer Science & Business Media.
Springfield is the largest city on the Connecticut River.
's Private Lives, taking it on tour and then to Broadway for the better part of two years.
Spurgeon's College is a member of the Baptist Union.
Spurgeon's son, Thomas, who was the co-pastor of the Metropolitan Tabernacle with Archibald G. Brown, said that, "The Baptist Union almost killed my father."
's pyramid is the oldest complete stone building complex known in history, built in the Third Dynasty.
Spyro meets a dragon Guardian named Ignitus, who tells Spyro that because he is purple, he is a special dragon who can breathe all four elements: fire, electricity, ice, and earth.
Squashes are a kind of fruit.
Squealer is based on the Russia media of Stalin's time, and all the advertisement of Stalin.
Squidward gets angry and throws the pizza in the customer's face.
Squidward then looks up to see the real Santa in his sleigh flying out of Bikini Bottom, laughing with joy.
's reality television show, The Apprentice.
's Reforms after the Turkish War of Independence.
's resignation on 24 July 2019.
's resources in another country's business.
's ribbon denoting special service, participation in a battle, or additional awards.
's ride, to warn the countryside of troop movements.
Srimad Devi Bhagwatam, Devi Gita, Brahmand Purana, Sunder Lehri The Devi Bhagawata Mahapurana says that Adi Parashakti is the original creator, observer and destroyer of the whole universe.
Sripathi Panditaradhyula Balasubrahmanyam (4 June 1946 25 September 2020), also known as S. P. Bala, S. P. B., or Balu, was an Indian musician, playback singer, music director, actor, and movie producer.
Sri Prasanna Chowdeshwari Temple is 300 years old.
's Romper Room line of toys.
Sruti is thus said to be apaurusheya, "impersonal," or rather "suprahuman."
's Sanriku coast, killing 1,000 people.
's short story assembled, a collection of Lu Xun in between 1924 - 1925's short story written by eleven.
's significant other.
's single "Like This".
's SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) and SIMPLE (SIP for Instant Messaging and Presence Leveraging Extensions), APEX (Application Exchange), Prim (Presence and Instant Messaging Protocol), the open XML-based XMPP (
's "Something's Got a Hold on Me" (1962).
's songs, produced this song as well.
's South Beach."
's Southeast Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Eastern Conference due to expansion.
SS-Standarte Deutschland reached the Bath Position.
's state legislature banned the death penalty.
’s Suma Rikyu Park for the First Open Air Contemporary Sculpture Exhibition (第一回野外彫刻展).
SS Yongala was a passenger ship that was launched in 1903.
Stability and improvement in this measurement correlate with better survival.
Stacy also loves playing video games, because she is a video gaming expert.
Staff Sergeant Kazuo Otani distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 15 July 1944, near Pieve Di S. Luce, Italy.
Staff Sergeant Ohatas extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.
Stage6 was first launched in 2006 by DivX Ink and in public beta, Stage6 was a similar webpage like Youtube which had allowed its users to stream and upload videos, for those customers that had registered.
Stage I is just barely sleeping, or dozing.
Stages can either be officially announced and regulated by developers, or sometimes the term is used to describe the state of the product.
Stalking in a way that makes someone feel unsafe is a crime in many countries.
Stallworth played for the Knicks from 1965 through 1972 and again in 1974.
's Tamla label on September 29, 1980.
Standard Russian is also called modern literary Russian (Современный русский литературный язык).
Standards such as PKCS have been carefully designed to securely pad messages prior to RSA encryption.
Standard symbol, to show the location of an Automated External Defibrillator.
Standard tuning defines the string pitches as E, A, D, G, B, and E, from lowest (low E2) to highest (high E4).
Stanisław Kowalski (born April 14, 1910) is a Polish Masters athlete.
Stan is usually considered the serious and sensitive of the group.
Stanley was MP for Lambeth North from 1895-1900.
Stan measures 10.9 metres long.
Staples foods are foods that people eat more of than other foods.
Stapleton's brother, Jack Stapleton, was a stage actor.
Star-forming regions with bright O and B stars make up the Gould Belt.
Stark wakes up in a cave to find a man named Ho Yinsen standing over him.
Starlings: mapping and modelling the ballet of the skies.
Starring role in the 2013 movie, "Odd Thomas".
Stars were added to the flag in 1933 and 1939.
Started about 700 BC by the Persians, Samarkand has been one of the main centres of Persian civilization from its early days.
Starting from here, they attended many big music festivals and events.
Starting from Season 6, she occasionally talks to the Reads' dog, Pal; Binky's baby sister, Mei Lin; the Molina family's dog, Amigo; and Grandma Thora's dog, Killer.
Starting in 1999, a fixed-roof coupé went on sale.
Start of several days of anti-
Star tokens can be used to unlock more gameplay modes, levels, and toys.
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is the second film in the Star Wars saga.
Stated in Then Again, by Diane Keaton, 2011 Her mother won the "Mrs.
State Road 464 runs east and west from FL 200 through the southeastern part of the city.
States can make laws about things inside the state, but federal law is about things dealing with more than one state or dealing with other countries.
States could not deny persons "equal protection of the laws." citation It meant that for the first time all people would have the same protection no matter what their color.
State Senate where he represented the 2nd Legislative District, from January 8, 2008, until his death.
Statin drugs can even help make atherosclerosis better.
Statues are often at least life-size (the same size as the real person), but often they are much bigger, especially statues in the open air.
Status asthmaticus can be fatal.
Staudinger used the scientific name in 1888.
St. Cloud, MN: North Star Press.
St. Cloud State University, n.d. Web.
Stealing the Diamond is the third game in the Henry Stickmin Collection.
Steam can also be used as a communication software, meaning that you can talk with people if they are your friends on Steam.
Steed and Emma follow a lead to the Wonderland Weather.
Steel roller coasters can be separated into many more types.
Stefanía was from Venezuela, like Dayana Mendoza, making this the first Miss Universe pageant where the Miss Universe was crowned by a compatriot.
Stef Levner, Let's Go Barcelona 3rd Edition (New York: St. Martin's Press, 2004), p. 215 It has a width of convert.
Steinitz had previously declared he would win without doubt, so it came as a shock when Lasker won the first game.
Steinitz won the title by beating Johannes Zukertort in a match in 1886.
Stents and shunts can be made of similar materials but perform two different tasks.
Stephane Houdet and Stefan Olsson won in the final 6–4, 4–6, 6–4 against Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink.
Stephen Francis Patrick Aloysius Dunleavy (January 21, 1938 – June 24, 2019) was an Australian-born American journalist.
Stephen Joseph "Steve" Lukasik (March 19, 1931 – October 3, 2019) was an American physicist.
Stephen Schwartz wrote the music and lyrics.
Stephen's eldest sister died in October 1829.
Stephenson saw that he could use this limestone and coal to make burnt lime for agricultural use and then use his railway to move it.
Stephen was five when he attended an "infant school".
Step number 3 may or may not be true, but since the argument says step number 3 will happen, the whole argument is not sound.
Stereotype boost can increase an individual's performance on a task when he/she is exposed to a positive stereotype about his/her group.
Sterile is an important term which has two main meanings.
Stevenage has lots of roundabouts and not very many traffic lights.
Steven A. Simon, "A Half-Century of History," Fifty Years of Excellence: Building Leaders of Character for the Nation, 2004.
Steven Fanning; Bernard S. Bachrach (Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 2011), pp. xx-xxi In his writing he paid more attention to another group of Vikings under a Ragenold.
Steven J. Israel citation (born May 30, 1958) is an American politician.
Steven Lynn "Steve" Beshaer (born September 21, 1944) is an American politician.
Stevenson has one son.
Stevenson's son, Adlai Ewing Stevenson V, was born in 1994.
Steve Smith, known for starring in The Red Green Show, started working at CH.
Steve Yzerman became a star at this time.
Stewart loses his $50,000 Porsche to the mugger, but was not hurt.
Stewart was expected to race very well.
Stewart, who was to stop racing at the end of the season, and Tyrrell decided they did not want to keep racing.
Stewie goes to New Brian and tells him that he does not like him.
's The Thirteen Gun Salute (1989), pp. 120–29, Captain Aubrey's ship Diane, in a dead calm, is carried toward Inaccessible Island by the inshore current.
Sticker photos are instant photos printed on sticker-based material.
Stickler syndrome affects around 1 in 10,000 people.
Stig died on January 4, 2008 in Stockholm.
Still another is that of public transport: Either the whole public transport is run by one (usually state-owned) company, or the state awards contracts to run a given line for a certain time period.
Still, Coleman managed to finish all eight grades in the local school.
Stiller attended The Cathedral School of St. John the Divine and graduated from the Calhoun School in New York in 1983.
Still it was very useful in the wars.
Still others feed on worms, and they have narrow, tweezer-like bill tips.
Still, rumination on its own, especially the brooding kind, has been shown to predict both having anxiety and getting it in the future.
's Tim Mayer has said that Search Engine Watch is the "most authoritative source on search."
's title character's outspoken mother, Sylvia Fine, on the TV series The Nanny.
St Kew was a female Welsh saint who was the sister of St Docco who is thought to have founded a monastery here.
St. Louis has the highest murder rate in the United States.
St Mary's Church, located on the former land of Edwardstone Hall.
Stock market returns are also higher under Democratic US Presidents ever since 1945, according to both CNN and Blinder and Watson.
Stocks of the predator are got from commercial suppliers.
Stoke Mandeville Road to the Paralympics.
Stokes commented: "The writer had a great story he wanted to tell – for us, that's what matters first and foremost."
Stokes, Into the Heart, p. 46. At first, the newly married couple shared a small mews house in Howth with the rest of the band.
Stolen goods or those with problems can be identified more easily.
Stone benches would have been set into the walls.
Stones have been found in the fossil's stomach area, leading some to believe they helped with eating.
's top professional football league.
Stories tells that a woman had sex with someone else than her husband.
Stove fans are small fans that are usually set on top of a wood-burning stove, although they can be put on top of anything warm, like an oven.
Stowe was not sure if people would like to read the story as a book.
's Tracks Santa Project, citation citation citation the Santa Retro Radar – Lehigh Valley Project, citation and the NASA Tracks Santa Project, citation have fallen out of use.
's traditional regions.
Straits are much larger and wider and do not have water running in a single direction.
Strangely, the Beatles did not perform any Revolver songs on tour, but instead played the same music as on earlier tours.
Streams of molten iron can flow out of a thermite mixture, igniting everything it touches.
Strehlow gave Tjuwintjara food in exchange for his help as a guide.
Stress can also describe an impact, when one object hits another.
Stress is the average force per unit area that a particle of a body exerts on an adjacent particle, across an imaginary surface that separates them.
Stress plays a part in some physical problems, like heart disease.
Strictly speaking, it was not a modern type of crocodile but a kind of pre-crocodile.
Striking Distance barely earned back its own $30 million budget.
String theory began as bosonic string theory, whose 26 dimensions act as many fewer.
Stritch was married to John Bay from 1973 until his death in 1982.
Stromboli is the only volcano that is active all the time.
Strongly revisionist interpretation, denying that the concept of Blitzkrieg can even be applied to this campaign.
Strong, proud, direct, eccentric, show off.
Strowski is killed.
Structural Special Award.
St. Stephan's Cathedral in Vienna is amongst the most famous buildings in Austria.
Stuart was left behind in charge of the main group at Depot Glen.
Student achievement at the secondary level rose 14 points in reading and 17 points in math since 2007, gains that are unprecedented in DC history and unparalleled nationwide.
Student Media at Fort Hays is housed under the banner Tiger Media Network.
Student of the Year was released on 19 October 2012 in over 1400 locations across India.
Students' academic achievements rose in the early 20th century as fellows were appointed to teach in new subjects.
Students also might keep a ten-or twenty-inch rule for precision work at home or the office while carrying a five-inch pocket slide rule around with them.
Students from abroad can attend a special “English for Musicians” course.
Students from across Canada go to one city for a summer of missionary work.
Students in the Scholars program are expected to live and take select classes with other members of the program.
Students in the school take parts in many external competitions in many fields such as music, sports, debates, writings, mathematics and other academic competitions.
Students who teach or share what they know with others learn more. citation A study group uses active learning, a very effective way to learn.
Studies in China show that among those living in China there was strong evidence of residents having a specific connection to building that represent their history and past culture.
Studies showed that Hartnell may have died from a Zinc Deficiency.
Studies suggest that many people get sleep paralysis at least once in their lives.
Studio officials from Warner Brothers said she and her mother read the script and Aaliyah was passionate about appearing in the movie.
Studley was founded in 1954 by Julien Studley, and in 2002 was bought by its 139 partners.
Stud poker has neither community cards nor blinds.
Studying distant galaxies is the best way of learning about our own galaxy, as the gases and stars in our own galaxy make it difficult to observe.
Stump and Koller made the video simplistic to let the music do the talking rather than the video.
Stumpf, after attending a demonstration, wrote an article challenging it, and it was never heard about again.
Stumpf termed the study of such phenomena as phenomenology.
Stunned by this, Mahree sees how rude she's been, and agrees to stay and try to make this work.
Stunt work is dangerous regardless of whether you work in movie, television or within a live stunt show.
St. Vincent de Paul (24 April 1581 – 27 September 1660) was a French Roman Catholic priest who dedicated himself to serving the poor.
Suarez is the first Miami-born mayor.
Subjects included animals and birds, suns and moons, humans, carriages and ships, etc. Some Dresdens were flat, allowing the buyer to collect them in scrapbooks.
Subpolar gyres form at high latitudes (around 60°).
Subscript is the text which a small letter/number is written after a particular letter/number.
Subsequent geological processes have deformed the crater into the current smaller oval shape.
Subsequently,Karaikkal Ammaiyar worshiped Lord's feet and revealed the truth to her husband, who didn't believe it.
Substitutes can also replace a player who is playing poorly, or can be for tactics.
Substituting in Avogadro's Law yields the ideal gas equation.
Subway has different menu items for different countries.
Such a deadline precludes the EDPS from being able to exercise its competences in an appropriate way, even in the context of a file which we have been closely following since 2007.
Such a distribution might be used to represent the distribution of the maximum level of a river in a particular year if there was a list of maximum values for the past ten years.
Such an internal arrangement is a characteristic of minerals.
Such as salivating from the sight of food.
Such behaviour is the subject of research.
Such children often fall sick.
Such clubs are sometimes known as a motorcycle gangs or biker gangs.
Such codes cannot be understood easily by those who are color blind.
Such physical characteristics suggest this bat did not fly as much as modern bats do, rather flying from tree to tree and spending most of its waking day climbing or hanging on the branches of trees.
Such processes are social in nature.
Such schools take children at 11, who may go to public schools at 14 years of age.
Such shifts are triggered by changes of activity from feeding, resting, travelling or avoiding predators.
Such skilled foreign workers already in Canada that can easily be hired by a Canadian employer might be about to complete a job contract with a different employer.
Such solutions may take a lot of time and are not obvious to a human.
Such tricks are allowed if they give a theory that can better tell us how things work.
Such virtual pions are composed of quark antiquark pairs again held together by gluons.
Sudan at the time had no real central authority and used primitive weaponry in its tribal infighting.
Sudden changes in humidity also plays a part.
Suddenly Doctor Holiday is attacked and is taken into the Petting Zoo.
Suddenly, he was followed by a pack of wolves and he became very scared, because he realized that the wolves were very hungry.
Suddenly people began to take notice of Satie.
Sue Sylvester tells glee club director Will Schuester (
Sugar can be different colours.
Sugarcane requires a large amount of water.
Sugar free chewing gum is sometimes recommended by dentists, because it can clean the teeth.
Sugar Hill was created by the State of Georgia's government in 1939, and when the Sugar Hill was created it was called the Town of Sugar Hill.
Suggestions of similarities between Indian and European languages began to be made by European visitors to India in the 16th century.
Suicide attacks are often done in a crowded place so that as many people as possible are killed.
Suitable for contact with food, it is the lightest and most heat-sensitive plastic.
Sulla was a tyrant, and Caesar was murdered soon after becoming dictator.
Sultan of Egypt Nasir-ad-Din Shaban II is succeeded by Alah-ad-Din Ali.
Sumbawa is 15,448 km² (three times the size of Lombok).
Sumitra became the first Indian women to represent the same Lok sabha constituency on the same party eight times in a row.
Summit was a meeting in 2000 for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Sunday is the last day of the holiday.
Sundiata changed his father's small kingdom into the core of the Mali Empire.
Sunflower fields (ทุ่งทานตะวัน) Lopburi is the leading sunflower province.
Sunset (blue hour) on the Loire.
Sunset from the Intracoastal Waterway in Hobe Sound, Florida.
Sun Weiben (Zh; 19 November 1928 – 18 December 2020) was a Chinese politician.
Sun Yat-sen was a famous leader of China.
SUNY divides its campuses into four distinct categories: university centers/doctoral-granting institutions, university colleges, technology colleges, and community colleges.
Superconductors are different from ordinary conductors, even very good ones.
SuperDisk diskettes are etched with a servo pattern at the factory.
Superdisk is an alternative design of flying disc that, although somewhat differently shaped, still has very similar properties to the conventional disc.
Superiority bias is when people think too much of themselves without good reason.
Superman has received very negative reviews from critics.
Supernovas are usually sorted into Type I and Type II supernovas.
Super Paper Mario is a 2D and 3D game since one of Mario's abilities is to change the perspective of the environment.
Suppiluliuma met with his son and then invaded Syria himself, laying siege to the city of Carchemish.
Supporters of the split said the state is too large to govern efficiently, citation and those against said the split is a waste of time and resources.
Supporters of this kind of government believe that if the smartest people rule, it will be good for the people.
Supporters of this party are known as Democrats.
Supporters : On the left a heraldic antelope with a chain attached to a gold (Or) collar, representing engineering industries, and hanging at the shoulder, the red rose of Lancashire, in which county Manchester once was.
Supporters praise him for having unified China and for ending the previous decades of civil war.
Support for the GNCTU fell dramatically and by August 1834 it had collapsed.
Supporting the shield are a farmer on the left and a soldier on the right.
Surface water usually goes down to about convert.
Surgery is the only way to be sure that a woman has endometriosis.
Surgical training requires at least five years of residency after medical school.
Surprised, she knocks her bag over, spilling the contents, and the officer gives her an option- go to jail or sleep with him.
Surprisingly the party gained 10.7% and therefore could rise its seats 3 times now having 21 representatives under the lead of Jörg Haider.
Surtees moved on to Formula One in 1960, earning his first podium position by placing second in the British Grand Prix, and earning pole position in the Portuguese Grand Prix.
Surveillance collects information for police, intelligence agencies, military planners or commercial firms.
Susan Silo (born July 27, 1942) is an American actress and singer.
Suthan Suthersan (10 June 1956 – 20 February 2017) was a Sri Lankan-American environmental engineer.
Sutherland retired from the stage in 1990.
Suwon's Hwaseong Fortress was also built then.
Suzuki backed out of the venture in 2010 after the redesigned XL-7 did not match sales demands.
Svalbard has also not recorded a temperature below freezing in July.
's versions of some of his poems in the collection Cathay, such as The River Merchant's Wife: A Letter.
Swagger targeted this part of the body on Matt for the rest of the match.
Swamp coolers can cool the air temperature in a small space by drawing the air through wet pads (some are made of aspen wood) using an electric fan.
Swamps are forested, low, spongy land generally saturated with water and covered with trees and aquatic plants.
Swanhilda discovers Coppélia is also a doll.
Swap the red lamp for one of a different brand that is slightly more orange, and there will be a slightly different gamut, since the set of all colors that can be produced with the three lights will be changed.
Swati Tirunal made a fantastic contribution to the sector of Indian music.
's way of painting figures was copied by other artists.
Sweden still didn't want peace though, because they would have to give lots of land to Russia.
Swedish national indoor championships for wommen have been played since 1951.
Sweers, B., Electric Folk: The Changing Face of English Traditional Music (Oxford University Press, 2005), pp. 197-8.
Swifts can be seen all over the world.
S&W immediately began experimenting with improved bullets.
Swiss people do write like the people from Germany and also speak standard German very well, especially in the larger cities.
Switches allow you to control who has access to various parts of the network.
Switzerland has a team of 31 people.
's word for a crowd or lashkar, Ordu.
Sword of Ignacio de Loyola offered to the Virgin of Montserrat.
SWU was founded in 1920 and re-established in 1949.
Sydney E. Ahlstrom, A Religious History of the American People.
Sydney Free Grammar School and Sydney College were the beginnings of the current Sydney Grammar School which began in 1854.
Sydney grew, and new towns were started.
Syed Badrul Ahsan, Afsan Chowdhury and M Harunur Rashid have been editors before.
Sylvia May Laura Syms, citation main (born 6 January 1934) is an English actress.
Symantec continued the development of acquired technologies.
Symbolic can also be called expressionistic.
" symbol on their shirt as a poseur if the older punks think the young punk does not understand what the symbol means.
Symmetric-key algorithms are generally much less computationally intensive than asymmetric key algorithms.
Symptoms of alcohol withdrawal are mostly caused by a central nervous system that is over-excited and working too hard.
Syracuse was a rich Greek city, on the seashore in Sicily.
T53 race, citation and a silver medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay T53-54 race.
Tabassum was married when she was 13 years old.
Tab is always read as if the player were holding the guitar on their lap, strings facing up.
Taboo, is an American rapper, songwriter, actor and DJ.
Tabor sang one song on Ashley Hutchings' album Street Cries (2001).
Taccola's second book, De machinis, appeared in 1449.
Tacitus dies of illness or is murdered at Tyana in Cappadocia.
Tacitus writes that Tiberius had been hesitant to act at the start of his reign, but now, towards the end of his life, he seemed to do so without compunction.
Tadpoles swim in the stream and eat algae from rocks.
Taejong becomes king.
Taekwondo develops force, speed, balance, flexibility, and stamina.
Taeyeon embarked on her first Asian tour, Persona, in May 2017, becoming the first member of Girls' Generation to do a solo tour in Asia.
Tafari said that now the agreement was broken, he did not have to keep it either, and so he did remove Iyasu as regent.
Taffy is a raccoon who struggles to get a home.
Tagore was also critical about the traditional style of education.
"Taiwan's EVA Air to launch charter flights to Saipan".
Tajani studied law at the Sapienza University of Rome.
Takagi now realized the American carriers were between him and the invasion forces.
Takagi ordered his aircraft to attack Neosho and Sims.
Takagi's carrier force entered the Coral Sea in the early morning hours of 6 May.
Takahashi was the founder of the Takahashi School of Martial Arts.
Takahiro Koizumi is responsible for the drums.
Takase was born in Kitami on November 10, 1990.
Takeda jinja is related to "Takeda Shingen".
Taken together, these data suggest that bacteria do not have a significant role in the development of the chronic pelvic pain syndrome.
Takeo Hoshi (Japanese 星 岳雄, Hoshi Takeo) is an economist.
Taking a bite and putting it back on the plate is impolite.
Taking his position, Sergeant Ohata delivered effective fire against the advancing enemy.
Taking it out of the fire and carrying it to the table.
Takuo Toda holds the world record for the longest time in air (27.9 seconds).
Tales of near-death experiences come to area Chabads.
Talib, Ismail S. Key terms in literature.
Tamddun Majlish was the founder of the historic Language Movement.
Tamil people living in many other places have also produced literary works.
Tamil was spoken as mother tongue by an overwhelming majority of the population while Telugu was spoken by about 3%.
Tamino sees that the monster is dead and asks him who killed it.
Tampines serves as the regional centre of the East Region.
Tamuramaro was only the second warrior to receive the title of shogun.
Tanaka was defeated in the 1994 election by Democrat Carl Gutierrez and Madeleine Bordallo.
Tanjore district, which is situated on the Cauvery Delta, is one of the richest rice-growing regions in South India.
Tanks from 1st Canadian Armoured Brigade also joined the battle.
Tanner was M's Chief of Staff in many of the Bond novels.
Tañón also debuted as a composer with the song, "Presencié tu Amor" (I Witnessed Your Love).
Tantric yoga is a religious belief.
Tanuja applies for divorce with Rishi but the court orders Tanuja to stay in Bedi house with Rishi and Natasha for six months, after the time period she can divorce Rishi.
"Taoyuan" means "peach garden," since the area used to have many peach blossoms.
Tape moves past the head at a constant speed, and its magnetic particles are rearranged by these magnets to a pattern that represents the sound wave.
Tapestries were also draped on the walls of castles for insulation during winter, as well as for decorative display.
T-ara had intended to make one more album as a six-member group.
"Tardive" means these movements do not start right away, or they start slowly.
Taroko National Park has many monuments and attractions to help people learn about the Truku people and people that built the Highway.
Tarrant then shot at Aziz, who picked up an empty shotgun on the floor and threw it through the window of Tarrant's car.
Tarzan saves her from them.
Tarzan's Treehouse was originally named The Swiss Family Treehouse after an old novel.
Task managers also show the general status of the computer.
Tatar, Russian, Chuvash and other people live in Nizhnekamsky District.
Taunton Press, 2001 The Parisien Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture was his conception.
Taxi" and a Japanese version of "Hoot".
Taylor is then seen in casual clothes again outside in the rain digging, when a second Taylor rises from the hole dressed in his Slipknot mask and uniform, and the two see each other as it fades to black.
Taylor was married to Robert Taylor until they divorced in 1989.
Taylor won a second Academy Award in Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Tchaikovsky wrote some of his greatest music in this opera.
TDO was last featured in the advertisements in 2008.
Teacher training colleges and religious seminaries are found in many parts of the country.
Teams must try to work out the fourth item in the sequence.
Teams start the Relegation round with their points from the Regular season halved, rounded upwards, and no other records carried over from the Regular season.
Teams usually play each other in series of three or four games at a time.
Teams with a higher standard deviation, however, will be less predictable.
Technical Description : "The Entire Body is a Weapon"
Technically proficient, self-tutored Fuzoneer, Emu has an array of possibilities at his disposal.
Technology produced in 2011.
Ted Cruz won the election.
Teenagers can also take the test themselves.
TEFL teachers may be native or non-native speakers of English.
Tehy also recorded soundtrack music for the 2007 film "Snart är det lördag igen".
Telegram from George Cooper to Morrison Foster reading "Stephen is Dead.
Telephone company equipment hears each sound and turns it back into a number.
Telescopes on Earth can only see objects in the night sky.
Telliamed: or, discourses Between an Indian philosopher and a French missionary, on the diminution of the sea, the formation of the Earth, the origin of men and animals, and other curious subjects, relating to natural history and philosophy.
Telluride cannot replace sulfide in elements like selenide does.
Tellurium is an unreactive element.
Telugu marriage is sanctified by seven pledges made by the bride and groom.
Temperature rarely reaches 0 °C or below.
Temple of Antoninus and Faustina in the Roman forum.
Temples, religious books or icon are sometimes given a ritual kiss.
Temujin eradicated torture, and held no prisoners; instead he merely killed his enemies.
Ten came back saying it is not nice and filled with "giants".
Tennyson expressed the difficulties evolution raised for faith in "the truths that never can be proved".
Tenor drums, or "tenors" are actually a set of 4 or 5 drums attached together, designed to be played all by one person.
Ten people worked there.
Ten percent of the Japanese Americans were in mixed-
Ten seats became vacant during the life of the Parliament.
Tension among the American people was raised because of the explosion of the USS Maine, and "
Ten years after Growing Pains ended, was a part of The Growing Pains Movie, citation in 2000, and ', in 2004. citation Cameron has also often worked in Christianity-related movies, among them the post-
Ten years later, in 1059, Pope, Nicholas II finally granted a dispensation for their marriage.
Terborg-Penn focused in African-American history and black women's history.
Teredo was named after "Teredo navalis", commonly called a shipworm, which creates holes or tunnels in wooden ships.
Terence Hanbury White wrote a lot of great books.
Term, from April to June. citation Within these times, there is a period of 8 weeks called Full Term.
Terrance "Terry" Sweeney (born March 23, 1950) is an American writer, comedian and actor.
Terrazzo produces little or no off-gassing over the life of a cured floor.
Terrence confesses to the mother that he knew that a suicide attack was going to happen and could have stopped it.
Terry Atkinson was Nominated in 1985 for the Turner Prize.
TESOL convenes an annual conference with papers, symposia, key note speakers, workshops, and annual meetings for the Interest Sections.
TESOL has relationships with 98 independent organizations worldwide: 41 in the United States and 57 in Asia, the Pacific, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa.
Tests cannot tell whether an infection is acute or chronic.
Tests have shown that the traditional CD already has the highest possible audio quality.
Thailand divides its municipalities (thesaban) into three levels - cities about the quantity of inhabitants, (thesaban nakhon), towns (thesaban mueang) and townships (thesaban tambon).
Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines seemed destined to follow in the footsteps of the 'Asian Tigers' – Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan and South Korea – whose economies had soared in recent decades.
Thalia Grace is the daughter of Zeus, one of the "Big Three" Greek Gods, the other two being Poseidon and Hades.
Thalia is a lot like Percy.
Thallium(I) bromide is a yellow-white solid.
Thallium(I) chloride is a colorless odorless solid.
Thallium(I) oxide is a black solid.
Thankful has sold 2.73 million copies in the United States citation and was certified platinum in Canada for selling over 100,000 copies.
Thanks to it, Fukui city has been able to provide high quality service to citizen.
Thanks to its stabilizing legs, the PTA can establish a bridge from unprepared banks (inclination of +/- 5%, slope of +/- 10%).
Than to once again be slaves in our noble country.
That 2/3 (two out of three) chance comes from the fact in the initial door choice, the player has a 1/3 (one out of three) chance of picking the door with the car.
That alliance was perpetuated in the Kingdom of France by the crowning of kings at Reims, which made them monarchs by divine right.
That, and the general organisation of the nucleus, are the defining features.
That basic root shape is often altered by the ablaut, a system of regular vowel changes.
That building was enlarged in 1841 and 1852.
That can be all the punishment or part of it.
That can make it a difficult language to learn.
That can make them easier to sell.
" that caused extreme pain to any who heard it, this sound is the origin of the English word panic.
That company became a part of the Illinois Central Railroad in 1911.
That contaminated the soil, leading to the death of over 50% of Iceland's livestock population, and the destruction of almost all crops.
That decision made it illegal for Americans to deal financially with Nusra.
That did not work either.
That didn’t happen at all.
That evening at the hotel's bar, Julie is talked into singing karaoke.
That exemplar is known as the archetype.
That gave a boost to the economy.
That gave her the chance to write articles saying that organisations should start using plain English.
That group had several notable songs.
That has been pretty disappointing for me."
That he came second to Lasker must be entirely ascribed to his youthful levity – he was already playing as well as Lasker".
That helped players change from the older instrument to the newer instrument.
That included songs like Lose You To Love Me and Look At Her Now, both released in 2019.
That is 137 years after the action in which he earned it.
That is a big achievement.
That is because they do not get to the root of the problems.
That is becoming less true.
That is, fascism focuses on one person as leader, fascism says communism is bad, and fascism says that at least one group of people is bad and has caused the nation's problems.
That is more than the country’s entire population.
That is, the last player to bust out is the second-place finisher.
That is the random movement of the wind.
That is the team logo.
That is very fast for a computer built in 1944."
That is when World War I ended.
That is where I put the gold."
That is where the radio show is broadcast from.
That is why it is not always thought of as Protestantism.
That is why many Chinese learners of English do not use English pronouns correctly.
That is why Oppenheimer is called "the father of the atomic bomb".
That is why the headquarters detachment dispatched couriers to seek his 1st Battalion, which was more numerous.
That is why the size of the municipality is so large.
That is why they are rare in cold places.
That let him control hundreds of puppets at the same time.
That means one will have to put the rocks into two piles that have the same mass.
That means that electrons can jump from a cloud to the earth (or from the earth to a cloud).
That means: "That, which is thrown up, mound".
That means the animal was too large to have flown, especially since early flight was, almost certainly, less efficient than the flight of modern birds.
That means "The hidden (one)".
That means there are no Martelli's cats alive now.
That meant that he could pass any law he wanted to because the Republic was fighting a war against the Separatists.
That meant that some people who had studied children's books thought that those were very good books for children to read.
That meant the beginning of Spanish rule in South America.
That night, Aang sleepwalks to a forest not to be found in the morning.
That night Diana sneaks into an 'Arabs Only'
That one was a little over convert long.
That pushes the sperm toward the penis.
That reverse is the inverse element.
That's about 35 to 5 million years ago.
That same year, Daddy Yankee received an Icon Award at the Latin American Music Awards, and in October 2018, he received the YouTube Creators' Trophy for having more than ten million subscribers on his YouTube channel.
That set a new record for the most tornadoes in the country over a one-month period.
That's fucking rubbish.
That's how he decided to upgrade Kuduro to Afro House, and launched his first work of its kind in 2012.
That shows the intermediate stages were at no particular disadvantage.
That slave had left the fields without permission.
That storm also killed over 600 people.
That's when Ragnarok ends.
That's why it was so devastating for him to lose them."
That time can be from 15 to 60 minutes.
That time the Croatian Communist League general secretary, Miloš Žanko, publicly denounced the destructive nationalism of Matica hrvatska, Dabčević-Kučar, Tripalo, and Pirker.
That version of OpenGL is an API that has 336 calls, most of which were not of use to draw graphics for video games at the time.
That was also when Zhimo’s production in poems decreased.
That was in 1847.
That was the first Nobel Prize awarded in recognition of astronomical research.
That was when God began His great work of saving us from our sins.
That way a bird can eat several items, and then fly off to a quiet spot to digest them.
That way, dachshunds could do a better job of burrowing into tight spaces.
That way, many computers can share a few public IP addresses.
That way the bottom decorative elements are aligned with the tread and the top elements are aligned with the railing angle.
That year, Glenister presented the true-crime show, What the Killer Did Next on Crime & Investigation.
That year it was donated to the French state.
That year West started a record label called GOOD Music.
Thayer has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
Thayer was born on a farm near Lima, New York on July 15, 1827.
The ½ kobo coins were minted only that year.
The 100 person Central Committee rarely met and the first regular party Congress was held ten years after its founding.
The -100SR could carry more passengers.
The 10 pièces pour orgue, composed in 1890, are Gigout's most famous compositions.
The 10th Ward is one of the 17 Wards of New Orleans.
The 11th century BC started the first day of 1100 BC and ended the last day of 1001 BC.
The 1.2km-long Red Trail, which is made of tarmac, is the one of the two easiest trails to climb.
The 13th-century Yadava dynasty scholar Hemadri quoted large parts of the then existing Brahmanda Purana, but these parts are not found in currently surviving versions of the same text.
The 141s were built with Leyland National bus bodies that were so narrow that they could only be fitted with standard bus seats.
The 14 teams are split into two groups of seven.
The 15th April is one day when no conversion needs to be made.
The 15th MO on the list would be called the "highest occupied molecular orbital" (HOMO) and the 16th MO on the list would be the "lowest unoccupied molecular orbital" (LUMO).
The 1910 Atlantic hurricane season was the period of 1910 when tropical storms formed.
The 1910's and 1920's saw the club scoring successes in competitive cyccling.
The 1930s was the decade that started on January 1, 1930 and ended on December 31, 1939.
The 1950s hosted 84 World Championship races.
The 1961 Indian annexation of Goa, was an action by India’s armed forces that ended Portuguese rule in its Indian enclaves in 1961.
The 1970s saw the publication of several books by Anninsky, among them Betrothed to the Idea (on Nikolai Ostrovsky’s How the Steel Was Tempered, 1971) and Vasily Shukshin (1976).
The 1970s was the decade that started on January 1, 1970, and ended on December 31, 1979.
The 1970 team, La Barredora de José.
The 1976 Turkish movie 'Milk Brothers' (original story by H. Rahmi Gurpinar's 'Ghoul') is a Turkish comedy.
The 1985 reports UCC Investigation Report (1985).
The 1989, Havel became president during the "
The 1992 eruption saw the town of Zafferana threatened by a lava flow, but successful diversion efforts saved the town with the loss of only one building a few hundred metres outside it.
The 1992 United States presidential election happened on November 3, 1992.
The 1995 season saw the return of Karl Wendlinger and Heinz Harald Frentzen as the drivers.
The 1998 production was 7683 tonnes.
The 19th century is placed in the continuity of the previous centuries and on the other hand clearly differentiated from the degree of globalization of the 20th.
The 1st power station closed in 1976, and the 2nd closed in 1982.
The 2000 album Smile was produced by Bob Ezrin.
The 2000 Chargers started 0-11 before recording their first win.
The 2000 United States census says that the city is home to 13,808 people.
The 2001 census showed that Indulkana had South Australia's highest proportion residents under the age of 15 (35.0%).
The 2001 Local Government Ordinance provides for devolution of government to district administrations.
The 2004 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 2004.
The 2004 playoffs were considered to be wide open with no clear favourite.
The 2008 British Academy Television Award for Best Continuing Drama, one Black Entertainment Film Fashion Television and Arts (BEFFTA) award, two Ethnic Multicultural Media Awards, two Music Video and Screen Awards, and four Screen Nation awards.
The 2009 Saints and the 1998 Broncos won their Super Bowls at that time.
The -200 was finished on June 29, 1967.
The 2011 Atlantic hurricane season was one of the most active Atlantic hurricane seasons since 1851.
The 2011 Census found that 67% of the town's people had some knowledge of the Welsh language, with 39% able to read, write and speak the language.
The 2011 census revealed the parish has a population of 95,107 people.
The 2011 men's doubles competition saw the two-time defending champions and four-time champions overall come back to defend the two previous titles in the team of Bob and Mike Bryan, which they were the number one seeded team in the draw.
The 2012 Summer Olympics event has 26 sports.
The 2014 Pacific typhoon season was an event that began on January 10, 2014 and ended on January 1, 2015.
The 2021 Rugby League World Cup will be held in England.
The 20-year-old photograph was an image of a burnt corpse covered with laceration wounds.
The 21 missions of California are listed in order by the date that they were made.
The 23rd Street Fire in New York City kills 12 firefighters.
The 26th VG received one panzergrenadier regiment on Christmas Eve for its attack the next day.
The 2nd Division had many battle deaths, combat injuries, malnutrition, and tropical diseases.
The 3rd Division's attack was part of a large attack by the U.S. VI Corps to move out of the Anzio beach.
The 40 mm Grenade Launcher is a breech-loading, single shot grenade launcher.
The 4th, 5th and 6th lyric videos came out on December 1, which were "Paleta", "No Pasa Nada", and "Llueve Sobre Mojado", which were all released on the same day as the album.
The 4th edition rules were published in June 2008.
The 507s were the first variant to be 750V DC third rail only.
The 63 building has 60 stories high and 3 stories below so it became 63 building.
The 707-420 was the same as the −320, but it had Rolls-Royce Conway 508 engines.
The 720's wing was taken from the 707, but some changes were made to it.
The 737 crashed into a rainforest, while the Legacy was able to make an emergency landing.154 died in the accident(everyone on the 737)and 7 survived(everyone on the Legacy).
The 737's controls are very safe.
The 747 first flew on February 9, 1969.
The 747 has already left the hanger.
The 8-track had many problems.
The A330 fleet was the second largest by type in the airline as of 31 August 2016 (after the Boeing 777 fleet) with 27 aircraft in service.
The Aardonyx had a long, slender neck and a small head.
The abbey is also famous for the Lorsch Codex, which was produced there around the end of the 12th century.
The abilities of these classes make them best for defending things their team needs, such as control points, briefcases, and carts.
The ability of crows to learn doubled the frequency of scolding, which spread at least 1.2 km from where the experiment started to over a 5-year period at one site.
The abiotic origins of life (
The above examples in man'yōgana would be difficult for even a native Japanese speaker to read, especially for a modern Japanese person.
The absorbancy of a reference substance is set as a baseline value, so the absorbancies of all other substances are recorded relative to the initial "zeroed" substance.
The abundance of CO2 makes seawater look like a good alternative fuel source.
The Academy offers Bachelors and Masters degrees.
The access to the Piccadilly and Victoria line platforms is by staircase only, reached via two narrow passages that physically prevent the installation of automatic ticket barriers - remarkable, considering its Zone 2 location.
The accident happened at 05:40 (local time).
The accidents of life are not passed on.
The accommodations of the contestants are handled by Chef Hatchet (Clé Bennett) in a similar manner to how it was handled in the previous season.
The acquisition was completed in June of that year.
The acronym CAFE, Cannabis and Fine Edibles is used in Canada to represent the largest retail chain in the Country, post-legalization.
The act did not create new rights.
The actions of a simp are called "simping".
The Action T4 Euthanasia Centres had temporary holding stations for victims.
The action takes place in the courtyard outside the cathedral.
The act of making beer is called "brewing".
The act of thrusting in the sword is called an estocada.
The actors' voices have been recorded over (
The actual experience in day-to-day use has to get better.
The actual length of individual moon cycles varies over time.
The actual magnetic field itself does not have "lines" in it; the "lines" are solely the iron filings becoming polarized themselves, reacting to each other and the field, lining up N and S with respect to each other in the field.
The actual source for the "Pyramid" roof remains unclear, but Japanese historian Jonathan Reynolds suggests it might have come from from Shinshichi.
The ADA has yet to issue an updated policy concerning diet soda.
The Adam Lindsay Gordon obelisk at the Blue Lake.
The addition of this intermediate step is what differentiates an internal vs. external combustion engine.
The adenovirus is the virus that causes the common cold.
The administration set up by the British continued even after Independence.
The adoption records are sealed and only the adopted children themselves can ask for a court order.
The adult frog is about 3.0 cm long.
The adult Luke Skywalker is first seen in this movie.
The adult male frog can be as big as 4.5 cm long and the adult female can be as big as 6.0 cm long.
The adult male frog is 2.9 to 3.4 cm long and the adult female frog is 3.8 to 4.2 cm long.
The adult male frog is 4.0 cm long and the adult female is 5.0 cm long.
The adult male frog is 4.8 to 5.1 cm long and the adult female frog is 6.1 to 6.5 cm long.
The adult male frogs is 2.5 cm long and the female is 2.7 to 3.1 cm long.
The adult male frog spends time in rocky streams and the female frog and young frog sit on plants near streams.
The adults of this order possess four membranous wings, with the forewings and hindwings about the same size, and with many veins.
The adults would be able to operate in a fairly dry climate.
The Adult Top 40 chart was released in 1996.
The Adventure Games has an episode, Blood of the Cybermen, which feature a 3rd, new race of Cybermen.
The adventures are presented as a series of lessons in natural history and the physical sciences.
The advisers were also mandated to promote the ideas of performance management, succession planning, recruitment of non officers with specialist expertise, and improved training.
The Aerostar was discontinued after 1997 and replaced by the Windstar, which was sold alongside since 1995. although Aerostar's role went unfilled until the 2010 introduction of the Ford Transit Connect van.
The Afghan Youth Sports Exchange has grown from the first 8 young women to hundreds playing through the Afghanistan Football Federation.
The African slaves and their descendants made many percussion instruments and preserved rhythms they had known in their homeland.
The African wildcat appears to have diverged from the other subspecies about 131,000 years ago.
The age is calculated from the slope of the isochron (line) and the original composition from the intercept of the isochron with the y-axis.
The agency regulates and inspects transportation systems in Sweden.
The age of 22.000 years was problematic though: it meant that the British Isles would have been settled during a time when it was very cold.
The age of the bridge and maintenance problems have led to traffic restrictions at times.
The age of the Earth in the twentieth century: a problem (mostly) solved.
The age of the young can vary from a month to 3 months in September.
The agile gene: how nature turns on nurture.
The agreement tried to present a united front to the British for giving India self-government dominion status in the British Empire.
The Aguascalientes Bicentenary Velodrome, designed by Peter Junek, hosted the 2010 Pan American Track Championships.
The AIDA model is about designing the message and delivering it effectively to the target audience.
The airbag has the space between the passenger and the steering wheel or dashboard and a fraction of a second to work with.
The aircraft are ERJ135, ERJ140 and ERJ145.
The aircraft are representative of the world of aviation, from the Supermarine Spitfire to the F-18 Super Hornet, through the little Robin DR400.
The aircraft could carry 182 passengers; but the flight had 37 passengers and 7 crew members, which was low.
The aircraft is the smallest type of 737. Only 30 737-100s were ordered and delivered.
The Air Force version is designated X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV).
The Air Force warrant officer ranks, while authorized by law, are not used.
The air is the cleanest in South America.
The airline Jet2.com is based at the airport.
The airline was started in 1981 and has since been bought over by TUI AG, a German tour operator.
The air must be moving relatively slowly for the combustor to work properly.
The air or blood in the chest will push against and squeeze the heart.
The airport has a smoking room in the Departure area.
The airport is run by Carver Aero Inc. The airport has two runways and a hangar.
The airport served as a transit location for airlifted supplies, including 2 million tons of such items as blankets, water, and food.
The album after that, called "Everything Is Borrowed" came out in 2008.
The album also includes 3 new songs: "The Heart Never Lies", "The Way You Make Me Feel" and "Don't Wake Me Up".
The album deals the break-up with her long-time partner Matthew Barney chronologically.
The album debuted at number one on many music charts around the world.
The album entered at number one in the United Kingdom (selling 21,358 copies) and Ireland.
The album eventually sold 1.5 million copies in the UK.
The album featured nearly all of the artists Spector worked with regularly.
The album featured the self-titled single "Underclass Hero", "Walking Disaster" and "With Me".
The album featured the singles "A Looking in View", "Check My Brain", "Your Decision" and "Lesson Learned".
The album featured the singles "Would?", "Them Bones", "Angry Chair", "Rooster", and "Down in a Hole".
The album featured the single "X-Kid".
The album features the artists under Don Omar's Orfanato Music Group label and other reggaeton artists.
The album had some success, and a very good job of Harris on bass.
The album had songs that were written for Smile.
The album had three singles, one of them appearing in a movie (Resident Evil).
The album has many influences.
The album has Thile's four piece song "The Blind Leaving the Blind", along with other original songs.
The album included songs that became hits, such as: "Asesinos de Asesinos", "Cannabis Sativa", "La Pelotona", and "Todas mueren por mí".
The album itself was named Album of the Year by the ACM in 1990.
The album met generablly favorable reviews.
The album reached number two on the UK Albums Chart, staying on the chart for 33 weeks.
The album received generally mixed reviews from music critics.
The album, Scandinavian Metal Attack, was released in March 1984 and was Bathory's first appearance on record.sfncheck Much of the fan-mail was directed towards Bathory, and Tyfon asked them to record a full-album.
The album's first single, "I Don't Feel Like Dancin'", reached number one in the UK.
The album's first single was the song "
The album sold more than 625,000 in its first week.
The album sold over 1,200,000 copies in the United States.
The album title Naveed kind of ties in all the lyrics.
The album tour lasted from February 25, 2009 to October 30, 2010.
The album was a "concept album," which means that all of the songs were about one idea.
The album was a huge success.
The album was given three Grammy nominations for Best Contemporary R&B Album, Best Female R&B Vocal Performance, and Best R&B Song.
The album was important in the making of Southern hip hop.
The album was recorded not long after The Chronic (1992).
The album was released in 2005.
The album was released March 25, 2008.
The album was released on April 27, 1971.
The album was released on June 24, 1980.
The album was unsuccessful compared to Jackson's previous albums.
The album went straight to number one in the UK.
The album would be called Revolutions per Minute (made by Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore at The Blasting Room).
The Aleksandër Moisiu University is here.
The alga certainly benefits from a supply of water (which the fungus is good at storing).
The alga, on the other hand, can survive on its own.
The algorithm does not tell how it reaches the answer, nor prove it, as long as the answer is always correct.
The Allen Bell Tower which is on the campus.
The alliances Athelbald had formed fell apart when Offa came to power.
The Allied troops were fighting towards the Moro river, near Ortona.
The Allies captured some territory, but they could not get past the Germans and capture Cisterna.
The Allies planned to attack from the south.
The Allies planned to do a major attack on a German-held port on the French coast and to hold it for two tides.
The Allies won the war a year later.
The alloys of aluminium, titanium and magnesium are also known and valued for their high strength-to-weight ratios and, in the case of magnesium, their ability to provide electromagnetic shielding.
The Alpine marmot (Marmota marmota) is the largest living member of the Sciuridae, at 53–73 cm in length and weighing 5–8 kg.
The ambulance services have getting more and more busy.
The American army won, in two small but famous battles that were important in boosting American morale.
The American crocodile is a species of a crocodile with a high adult survival rate. citation The American crocodiles can live for a long time.
The American Express gradually changed to be a financial company.
The American Journal of Psychiatry 150 399-410.
The American military tried to copy the MG 42 during the war.
The American Motors logo.
The American Organization claims that she died in august 2000 of cancer.
The American owners also slowly made the Britannica's articles simpler, so it could serve more people.
The American School is a non-public secondary school and offers its own diploma.
The Americans sunk a light carrier, a destroyer, and several smaller warships – convert.
The Americans were led into an ambush.
The American version first appeared in the May 1875 issue of St. Nicholas Magazine.
"The American Woodsman" was an overnight success.
The amount of money can be calculated as the amount of economic value that the asset can produce in future.
The amount of money can be from nothing to tens of thousands of dollars depending on how many crab the fishermen caught.
The amount of points needed to win is agreed to before the game.
The amphibian tree of life.
The Amy Klobuchar 2020 presidential campaign was announced on February 10, 2019.
The anal stage is the second and is from 1-3 year olds.
The Analysis of Verbal Behavior, 21, 155-161.
The Aṉangu own the land, and lease it to the government.
The Ancestry magazine had been launched in January 1994.
The ancient Chola kingdom once famous in Tamil literature and in the writings of Greek merchants and geographers faded into darkness after c. 300 CE.
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle According to the Several Original Authorities, ed. & trans.
The animal may also be called woodchuck, or whistlepig.
The animation proved to be more acceptable and production continued.
The anime has been broadcast since 1992, and there are twenty-four movies as of 2016.
The anime is organized into separate stories.
The anime stayed close to the story from the manga.
The Annotated Hunting of the Snark.
The Anointing of the Sick is one of the three sacraments that make up the last rites.
The Ante river flows into the larger Dives river.
The Anthony townsite was planned out in 1878. citation The city was named after the 7th governor of Kansas, George T. Anthony.
The ao dai is featured in an array of Vietnam-themed or related movies.
The apex of the leaf is the lid.
The Apostolic Tradition, a book about Christian traditions in early Rome, says that Christians sang "Alleluia" in early holy meals called "agape feasts."
The appended notes say "the map of the western lands drawn by Columbus" Harwood, Jeremy 2007 To The End of the Earth.
The apple first known as the Butters, Woodpecker or Pecker apple was named after Col. Loammi Baldwin of Woburn.
The AppleScript program came from the HyperCard program.
The application can be used to set process priorities, processor affinity, forcibly terminating (ending) processes.
The approximate population of the main Talokar village at the time of the last major national census was about 4800-5000.
The Arab Belt plan was to move the Kurdish population away from the Syria–Turkey border.
The Arabic numeral system is easier to do mathematics with, as Roman numbers have no place values.
The Arabs call crossbow qaws Ferengi, "
The arbitrator(s) reviews the evidence in the case and makes a decision.
The Archaean lasted from 4,000 million years ago (mya) to 2,500 mya.
The archaeological sites show that Aboriginals have lived here for at least 20 000 and possibly up to 40 000 years.
The Archaeology of Skye and the Western Isles.
The archbishop oversees the Province of Canterbury that is all the Church of England dioceses in the south and midlands of England.
The archipelago is claimed by Mauritius, but controlled by the British.
The architects were Schuster Architekten (Düsseldorf) and Atelier Albert Wimmer (Wien). citation In 2005 two video boards were erected.
The Arctic is also the shortest way (
The area corresponding to the Goicoechea canton during the pre-Columbian period was populated by an indigenous people called the Western Huetar Kingdom, under the rule of king Garabito at the start of the Spanish Conquest.
The area has a population of approximately 2,000 people.
The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.
The area is mostly covered in plains.
The area is now known as The Undercliff and is of great interest because of its diverse natural history.
The area is popular with Dresden locals and international climbers.
The area of Transcaucasia, which is where modern day Azerbaijan,Georgia and Armenia are located, is one of areas where the wine producing vines vitis vinifera grow.
The areas under the seating was used for houses and workshops.
The area was also covered with marshy boggy ground difficult to ride over.
The area was during the 19th century one of the most important mining districts in Cornwall both for copper and tin.
The area was originally called the Severn Gorge.
The area where the river's estuary meets the ocean is known as "Tybee Roads".
The arena was also known as the Broward County Civic Arena in 1998, the National Car Rental Center from 1998 to 2002, Office Depot Center from 2002 to 2005, and BankAtlantic Center from 2005 to 2012.
The arena was built in 2003 and opened on March 8th, 2003 with a match between SV Austria Salzburg vs. FC Kärnten.
The aria had more musical interest than the recitative.
The Ark usually has a curtain in front of it.
The Armans united with the tribes of Hayasi.
The armed forces were called Friedensheer (peace army) in January 1919.
The Armenia Marriott Hotel is in the heart of the city at Republic Square (also known as Hraparak).
The armies of Cadwallon and Penda came at him from the west.
The armory was destroyed and never rebuilt.
The army arrives at the Emperor's palace in the Imperial City.
The army part of RAMSI was removed and rebuilding took shape.
The army started out as the Army of the Ohio in 1861.
The army was not happy either.
The Army will ask for more variants later.
The arrondissement of Briançon is the most northern of the Hautes-Alpes department.
The arrondissement of Cambrai is in the southwest of the Nord department.
The arrondissement of Haguenau-Wissembourg was formed when the former arrondissements of Haguenau and of Wissembourg were merged on 1 January 2015 to form the new arrondissement.
The arrondissement of Laon is the central arrondissement of the Aisne department.
The arrondissement of Limoges, with 298,578 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The arrondissement of Montpellier, with 700,241 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The arrondissement of Nancy is in the middle of the southern part of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department.
The arrondissement of Nogent-sur-Seine is in the northwest of the Aube department.
The arrondissement of Soissons is in the central part of the Aisne department.
The arrondissement of Toulon, with 565,669 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
The arrondissement of Tours is the northern half of the Indre-et-Loire department.
The arrondissement of Vervins has an area of convert.
The art has herds of cattle, large wild animals including crocodiles, and human activities such as hunting and dancing.
The article also said that the tribe was always friendly to the white people of Roanoke.
The article had the title: Neue Bahnen (New Paths).
The article says "The new Tappan Zee, which is in the works, will include fencing designed to thwart jumpers."
The art in the manga is by Hugin Miyama.
The artist also believed in a human's right to a window.
The artists perform at the same time in the battles.
The Art of the Motorcycle exhibit of 1998 and 1999.
The assembly line was a big success.
The Asse River flows through the commune.
The asteroid 17806 Adolfborn is named after him.
The asteroid is spherical, unlike the irregular shapes of smaller bodies with lower gravity.
The Astronomical Journal 123 (1): 473–484.
The Asua speak the Asoa language.
The Asuras were demigods who frequently warred against the Devas or gods.
The Atari 7800 is also compatible with Atari 2600 controllers, such as the Atari Paddle controller and the Atari Joystick controller.
The Atayal and the Sedek tribes came to the area over 300 years ago.
The Athenian generals are put to death.
The Athletic area is near the health area.
The athletics teams of the university are called the Bulls.
The athletics teams of the university are called the Friars.
The Atlanta Constitution.
The Atlantic is an American magazine and publisher.
The Atlas-F (HGM-16) was stored vertically underground, but launched after being lifted to the surface.
The atlas of world archeology.
The atolls of Tuvalu were places the Allies could use to get ready for the Battle of Tarawa and the Battle of Makin that started on 20 November 1943.
Theatre Director, Theatre Actor, Film Actor, University Professor and Translator.
The attacker can then observe the communication channel.
The attack killed six Catholics and injured five others.
The attack severed Horn's spine, drained his blood, and severely injured other parts of his body, permanently impairing his motor and verbal abilities.
The attack took place on the northern coast of France on 19 August 1942.
The Attorney General's office took all copies of This Earth of Mankind and Child of All Nations tried to take all copies of the books from all book shops.
The audience would say, did not he lose his hand in the last one?
The Aurora is a vessel owned by the Alterra corporation.
The austerity measures were reversed.
The Austin Lightning are coached by Jaime Mimbela.
The Australians and U.S. forces in Australia were disappointed with the the Battle of the Coral Sea.
The Australian units were well dug in, using the Chinese own trench positions, and responded to the waves of Chinese troops with machine gun fire.
The author asserted that "many of the senior officials in his own administration are working diligently from within to frustrate parts of his agenda and his worst inclinations."
The authority was established in October 2002 after SCANA released ownership of public transportation back to the City of Columbia.
The author of the site is unknown.
The author recently said that a movie might be made about the series.
The authors argue that America can lead the world into the post-petroleum era and create a vibrant economy.
The Author's Farce has three acts.
The authors of PROOF offer a reformulated acronym to communicate the positive achievements of Dort and the reformed doctrines of grace.
The authors shows examples that have to do with how scientific research is done.
The author talks about his time working as a pleunger (lowest possible position) in a Paris hotel and describes the hard life that is lived by thousands of Parisians.
The availability of knowledge on all subjects relating to personal life has continued to improve.
The average age of Earth's continental crust is about 2.0 billion years.
The average age was 39.2 years.
The average age was 48 years.
The average amount of precipitation for the year in Dijon is convert.
The average amount of precipitation for the year in Mont-de-Marsan is convert.
The average amount of reading per week is about seven hours.
The average amount of time people spend commuting with public transit in Singapore, for example to and from work, on a weekday is 84 min.
The average annual rainfall of is 500–800 mm.
The average annual temperature in Mindelo is convert.
The average density was 109.2/km 2 (282.9/mi 2 ).
The average high temperature is convert in July. citation Usually the temperature only gets hotter than convert on 43 days every year.
The average life of an American Robin lasts about 2 years.
The average literacy rate in urban areas is 68.4% while that in the rural areas is 58.9%.
The average litter size is 1.45.
The average person over 5 or so years of age is likely capable of tying a knot; most of these knots people tie are probably with their shoelaces.
The average temperature during the year is convert in southern Romania and convert in the northern part.
The average temperature for the year in Bordeaux is convert.
The average temperature for the year in Châteauroux is convert.
The average temperature for the year in Saint-Denis-d'Oléron is convert.
The average temperature is 26 °C (79 °F) with a minimum average of 19 °C (66 °F) and a maximum average of 34 °C (93 °F).
The average weight of a fresh adult worm is about 200 grams.
The award has been given since 1991, and the winner is elected by authorized journalists from the leading Azerbaijani sport media.
The awards are mostly open to all nationalities.
The awards were originally known as the Golden Satellite Awards.
The award was first awarded in 2009.
The Awty International School provides a challenging education, leading to either the International Baccalaureate or the French Baccalauréat.
The axles maintain the position of the wheels relative to each other and to the vehicle body.
The Ayinger Brewery is there.
The Aztec soldiers won the battle.
The babies are now thrilled because they can now "return" the lizard to its "father".
The babirusas are a genus Babyrousa, in the pig family (
The Báb said that the Letters of the Living were special.
The BACB makes sure that the BCBAs are using ethical, legal, and professional practices when they work.
The backspace is distinct from the delete key, which in paper media for computers would punch out all the holes to strike out a character, and in modern computers deletes text following it.
The bacteria that cause tuberculosis (TB) can develop resistance to the antimicrobial drugs used to cure the disease.
The badge of the organisation is a flaming excalibur.
The Bad Girls Club was given negative feedback from television critics.
The bald eagle does not like to be near humans.
The ballerina assured everyone she was unharmed.
The ballet has not been revived.
The ballet was based on this translation.
The Ball State University in Muncie runs the Center for Middletown Studies to continue the research.
The band also headlined the Southern Fried Sunday's 12th anniversary show at Wills Pub in Orlando on January 21, 2018.
The band broke up.
The band broke up in 1990.
The band decided to hire American Steve Morse in 1994.
The band does not see itself in this category though.
The band had a Top Twenty US hit with "She's About a Mover".
The band has changed its line-up three times, because of reported differences between the members of the band.
The band has realeased four albums, 5 Seconds of Summer, Sounds Good Feel Good, Youngblood and Calm in that order.
The band has released five studio albums.
The band has seven members.
The band has sold over 15 million albums and is led by Ana Paula Valadão.
The band is composed of Taka, Toru, Ryota, and Tomoya.
The band is playing in a ditch where others are watching them.
The band is sometimes called "A7X", which is a title started by the band's guitarist, Zacky Vengeance.
The band moved to Carnation, Washington to a house owned by Love and her husband Kurt Cobain and began writing songs for a second album.
The band performed two songs—"Miss World" and "Over the Edge"—and was the first time the four members were together live since 1995.
The band released its self-titled debut album in March 1974, after which followed 18 additional studio recordings, 8 live albums and 6 compilations.
The band's fourth album was released by 5 Rue Christine and Kill Rock Stars.
The band signed with MCA Records to distribute its second album, Dude Ranch, in 1997.
The band still performs live and attracts large crowds of fans to sold-out concerts, even though they play many different styles of music.
The band trained in dance and singing for two years before releasing anything.
The band was afviced by Toshiba EMI to change their name after sending their demo tapes to record labels and they chose Base Ball Bear which they got from Chocolate's song, Base Ball and Elvis Presley.
The band was awarded a Grammis in the "Dansband of the year" in 1989.
The band was composed of sisters Dorothy "Dot" Wiggin (
The band was formed in 1982.
The band was now called "Count Basie and his Cherry Blossoms".
The band was popular back in the 1960s, before a 1991 performance at Hultsfredsfestivalen led to a revival throughout the 1990s.
The band were started in 1975 by bassist, singer and songwriter Ian Fraser “Lemmy” Kilmister.
The Bangla Academy was important in this change.
The bank does not force the beggars to give up begging but tries to get them selling low-priced items.
The Bank of America Roval 400 will run on the infield road course instead of its quad-oval.
The Bank of Manhattan Building (i.e. 40 Wall Street) employed only a short spire and was convert tall and had a much higher top occupied floor (the second category in the 1996 criteria for tallest building).
The Bank participated in a loan scheme launched by REPIA to provide credit to those affected by civil unrest in 1983.
The Banksia are noted for their unique flowering.
The bare minimum everyday driver should require to purchase a liability coverage.
The barking cough and wheezing does not always happen at this stage.
The bar lines will usually join up the staves of each family.
The basalt plains were formed by volcanoes over the last 6 million years with the most recent eruption being at Mount Napier 7,200 years ago.
The base of the statue repeats his famous saying, "Lets play two!"
The basic idea is to construct the function in such a way that the sum of the difference between the observed value and its data point is minimized.
The basic method of preparation involves slow cooking over a low heat.
The basis of all tactics.
The bas-reliefs in the hall show Ramesses becoming a god.
The Bastards: Volume Three and The Bastards: Volume Four were both released in 2015, before the release of The Family Tree: The Leaves in March 2016. citation The Leaves has songs that are about Cooper's own life.
The batter is put on a hot flat pan and formed into a circle to cook.
The battery is currently not in use.
The battle ended with a Russian victory.
The battle grid possesses varied elevations and is presented from a top-down isometric perspective.
The battle lasted only a few minutes, but 8 minutemen died and 9 were hurt.
The Battle of Anchem which killed Ras Gugsa Welle was in Debre Zebit.
The Battle of Gemmano has been called the "
The Battle of Long Island was a major battle in the American war of independence.
The battle took place on March 20, 1856 at Santa Rosa, Costa Rica.
The battle was fought between 23 August 1942 and 2 February 1943.
The battle was the end of Philip's campaign in Greece (339–338 BC).
The Baud rate is different from the gross bit rate, measured in bits/second.
The Baumkuchen, literally translated "tree cake" or "log cake"
The BBC has ordered a sixth series.
The BBC has to publish a report every year, which tells people what it has done and how much money it has made and spent.
The BC Goverment says the tax is a "key measure in tackling the housing crisis in major urban centres in British Columbia".
The beaches vary according to ocean currents—the weather travels onto the island following the sun from the East.
The beach is famed for its natural, unpolluted water.
The Beagles try to steal the fortune but Scrooge and the boys pursuing us down the street and catch them.
The beamline elements are in radiation shielding enclosures, called hutches, which are the size of a small room (cabin).
The beans were also spelled as "Tonquin"
The Beatles could not agree on where to perform the show, and for how large an audience.
The Beatles needed to record seventy new songs within nine years, between 1967 and 1976, to complete their contract.
The Beatles were very hurt by the news, and worried about what would happen to their careers.
The beauty of qin melodies comes not only from the melodies themselves, but from the variation a player can apply to the individual tones and their combinations.
The beginning of the war on Muslims to come up with their position archers terkedince, Khalid bin Walid opportunity to evaluate and Muslim armies from the rear with the cavalry in order has stuck.
The behaviour probably evolved more than once.
The Beiyang Army also controlled the Beiyang government (which controlled Mongolia).
The Belait River flows through Belait and it is the longest river in Brunei.
The Belfonds are Gabrielle, her husband and children Antoine and Marie.
The belly has 6 rows of larger rectangular scales that are generally reddish, pink, or orangish.
The belts formed at ancient oceanic spreading centers and in volcanic island arcs.
The beluga whale (Delphinapterus leucas) is a small, toothed whale citation that is white as an adult.
The benefit of a planned economy is that the planning body has (supposedly) perfect information, and can make a better decision than in the market economy.
The Ben Hall gang robbed travelers on the roads, the mail coaches, the gold escorts, hotels, farm houses and even held up whole towns.
The Berwickshire Civic Society has a Keep Berwickshire Tidy competition each April.
The best fluid is plain, clean water.
The best-known method spiders use to capture prey is a sticky web.
The best known one is The Merry Widow (in German: Die lustige Witwe) which is probably the most popular of all operettas.
The best known rats are the black rat (Rattus rattus), and the brown rat (Rattus norvegicus).
The best measurement of the age of the Universe is 13.8 billion years (specifically, 13.798±0.037 billion years). citation citation The most recent and most accurate measurements were made by the Planck spacecraft.
The best place to see this is in the Burketown area shortly after dawn.
The best tantōs for this were those with a long, narrow blade and with a thick spine.
The Bible of Borso d'Este was made between 1455 and 1461.
The Bibliotheca Alexandrina was inaugurated in 2002 near the site of the old library.
The Bideford witch trials began in 1682.
The Bielski family were millers and grocers citation in Stankiewicze (Stankievichy) near Nowogródek.
The big brown bat (Eptesicus fuscus) is a type of vesper bat.
The big difference to the broadcast case above is that all devices connected to the broadcast network see the data sent using broadcast.
The "Big-Five" members Germany, Italy and the United Kingdom voted in this semi-final.
The bigger the mass of the falling object, the greater the force of gravitational attraction pulling it towards Earth.
The biggest bucket-wheel excavator ever built, Bagger 293, is the largest terrestrial (land) vehicle in human history.
The biggest is Fongafale, followed by Funafala.
The biggest is in Prayaga (renamed Allahabad during the Mughal rule era), where millions of Hindus of different traditions gather at the confluence of rivers Ganges and Yamuna.
The biggest part (90.5%) of Denmark's population of just under 5.4 million is of Danish descent, according to 2009 statistics.
The biggest part of the old town is without any traffic.
The biggest stand at the ground is the two-tiered South Stand, which was built in 1993.
The biggest symptom is pain in the stomach.
The big problem for a serf was that he had to do the work for the Lord before he could do his own work.
The Big Snowy Mountains are nearby.
The bill is yellow with a red spot.
The bill was introduced again recently by Rep. Conyers in the House of Representatives.
The binding of bacterial molecules to receptors on the surface of a macrophage triggers it to engulf and destroy the bacteria.
The biological parents have no legal rights or responsibilities to the child at all.
The biological works were usually in Latin, the rest in English.
The bird clasp on the lovely bracelet turned out to be a loyal companion that led her way to find the peddler and in turn, save the fairy.
The bird is convert long.
The bird lives in Italy in a region where both parent species live.
The birds are transformed into maidens.
The birth of heli-skiing as a commercial sport is attributed to Hans Gmoser in 1965.
The birth of Isa and the Annunciation of Mary are very important to Islam.
The birthrate and population were declining.
The bishop Hugues II, and his successor, Odon de Conteville (
The Bishop of Portsmouth, Neville Lovett, however, rejected his application to attend theological college, telling him at interview that "policemen do not become priests".
The Bit independence criterion (BIC; a criterion independent from the bit) is a criterion.
The bits did not melt completely, but they did soften.
The black areas are a line of spores.
The Black Madonna of Częstochowa, kept at the Jasna Góra Monastery, is a very popular attraction.
The Blackpool Corporation took over the Blackpool & Fleetwood Tramroad Company in 1920.
The blades or sails of the windmill are turned by the wind.
The bleeding had caused Vergeer to pass out.
The Blender Foundation and the Netherlands Media Art Institute funded the project.
The Blonds held the titles for five months.
The blood had been taken from people with HIV infections.
The blue or purple edges on the yellow stripes become thicker.
The blue parts are permanently closed because of earthquake and typhoon damage.
The Blue Party (
The Blues Band is a British blues band.
The board encouraged the use of fringe benefits instead of inflation-causing higher wages.
The Bodo people who believe in the traditional practice rely on the Kherai Puja and the Garja Puja for their welfare at all times.
The body changes creatine to phosphocreatine.
The body forms of nudibranchs vary greatly.
The body is covered by an exoskeleton which gives them good protection.
The body of a female is c. convert long, with an ovipositor c. convert long.
The body of an insect has three main parts: a head, a thorax, and an abdomen.
The body of Saint Eulalia is entombed in the cathedral's crypt.
The body's major arteries.
The body was dated as being 4,650 years old.
The Boers had no chance of winning.
The Bokmål edition is 20th and the Nynorsk is 46th largest by article count.
The "Bombers" football team and "Aquabombers" swimming and diving team are ranked nationally and often compete at state championships.
The bombers were never identified.
The bombing was reported all over the world in newspapers and made people aware of the German involvement.
The bones of St. Alban were kept in a shrine in St. Albans Abbey.
The bones of the leg were much stockier (despite being longer), implying a more robust animal.
The bones of this part of the head, together, are called the cranium.
The bontebok is related to the common tsessebe.
The bonus levels can let the player collect all seven Chaos Emeralds to unlock the secret final boss after completing the four team playthroughs.
The book Eragon begins 100 years after this.
The book Guinness Rockopedia described him as a "gravel-voiced guitar stalwart". citation The British Hit Singles & Albums stated that Rea was "one of the most popular UK singer-songwriters of the late 1980s.
The book has about 96,000 verses and is divided into seven parts.
The book has been translated into over 40 different languages citation and has never been out of print.
The book is a collection of 33 poems divided into three sections titled "Walking", "Into the Woods" and "Looping Back".
The book is not a true story, and the character and the story are different to the life of Joseph Johns.
The book "is still considered one of the best sources on the youth activist organization that helped define 1960s radicalism."
The book never made it past the research stage; the surviving notes, manuscripts, audio tapes, and news clippings were sent to former Today researcher Lee Lawrence.
"the Book of John the Baptist".
The book of stories, called Men Without Women, was published soon after Hemingway arrived in Key West.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but was not used in a lot of schools.
The books are in the chronological order of the story.
The book says that three elements are necessary for witchcraft.
The book serves as her formal response to Jean de Meun's popular Roman de la Rose.
The books has 110 pages.
The books Sexual Behaviour in the Human Male and Sexual Behaviour in the Human Female, were based on thousands of interviews by Kinsey and his team.
The book was at the top of the New York Times Best Seller list for six weeks.
The book was called The King of Ireland's Son.
The book was published by The John C. Winston Company in 1940.
The book was published in 1918.
The book was released on Friday, October 13, 2006.
The book was taken off Amazon in 2010.
The book won many awards.
The book won the Ottakar's Children's Book Prize in 2005. citation It also won the 2006 Highlands Children's Book award for Long Novels in 2006.
The book won two awards in 2007: the Canadian Booksellers' Association's Libris Award for Non-Fiction Book of the Year and the British Columbia Booksellers' Choice Award.
The Bora wind is a characteristic wind of the valley which is more common during winter; it is a cold and strong wind.
The borders are called "porous".
The borough is a part of the Pascack Valley region of Bergen County.
The Boston Associates preferred the young girls because they paid young girls less than men.
The Boston Tea Party was an act of protest against the British for the Tea Act, one of several new attempts to tax colonists.
The bottom floors of the building were destroyed, and the remaining data storage facility containing file servers was taken away by a group of heavy-duty helicopters.
The boundary between the two states is still controversial and under negotiation, with Palestinian and Arab leadership.
The bow tie is a type of necktie.
The boy and his father would never see each other.
The boycott ended with the blacks winning the right to sit wherever they wanted.
The boy is visited by Zeus as an old man, who informs him he will become a warrior like his father and mustn't fear his visions.
The boy later died because he lost too much blood.
The Boys from St. Petri was screened out of competition at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
The Boys' Singles tournament of the 2010 US Open started on Sunday September 5th, the seventh day of the main tournament.
The boys went into hiding, and the police spent three weeks looking for them.
The Bradbury Landing site was less than convert from where the rover landed after a convert journey.
The Brahmajala Sutta is the first of 34 suttas in the Digha Nikaya (the Long Discourses of the Buddha).
The Brahmanas of the Vedic period were regarded as the most knowledgeable people and the best of best in all arts.
The Brainin Teaching Method for ‘development of musical intelligence in children’ became a standard part of the curriculum.
The brains of dinosaurs were generally much like other reptiles in their proportions.
The Brancacci family fell into disgrace and were chased out of Florence.
The branch had been established by former members of the Curragh Camp's Communist Group.
The branch in astrology dealing with specific interpersonal compatibilities is called Synastry.
The breaking of these chemical bonds in the Krebs cycle provides the energy needed for muscular contraction.
The breeding cycle of the lyrebirds is long, and lyrebirds are long-lived birds.
The Breithorn was first climbed in 1813 by Henry Maynard (climber), Joseph-Marie Couttet, Jean Gras, Jean-Baptiste Erin and Jean-Jacques Erin.
The Brenne flows through 1 region (
The bridge columns rest on bedrock which in some places was more than convert below the ground surface.
The bridge is also named the 59th Street Bridge because, it's end in Manhattan is between 59th and 60th streets.
The bridge is held up by cables connected to a convert high A frame tower on the west bank.
The bridge links Mankhurd in Mumbai with Vashi in Navi Mumbai, the satellite city of Mumbai.
The bridge of an instrument in the violin family (
The bridge spans 960 m (3,150 ft) and is one of the longest pedestrian bridges in the world.
The bright outer ring is the epsilon ring; eight other rings are visible.
The British army reported 379 dead say it over 1000 dead.
The British army retreated, but neither side won. citation Monmouth was the longest battle between the main Continental Army and the main British Army.
The British began moving on 27 December but encountered the American earthworks and halted.
The British brought in slaves and forced labourers, as well as prisoners here.
The British captured the island in 1810, during the Napoleonic Wars through the Treaty of Paris.
The British delegation, unfamiliar with this tie-breaking rule, lodged a protest.
The British Empire now extended all over the world.
The British forces reached Delhi, and they surrounded the city from 1st July 1857 until 31st August 1857.
The British Grand Prix is a grand prix motor race organised in Great Britain by the Royal Automobile Club.
The British had their first taste of Giselle—not with the ballet— but with a drama based on the ballet called Giselle, or The Phantom Night Dancers by William Moncrieff.
The British manual listed 11 drill maneuvers soldiers had to follow to load and fire their muskets.
The British Museum Book of Chinese Art,British Museum.
The British settlements all failed for a variety of reasons, such as lack of water and fresh food, sickness and isolation.
The British were given the southern part of Singapore to develop.
The Bronco was introduced in 1966.
The Bronze Age was not at the same time everywhere, because different groups of people began to use bronze at different times.
The brother of Alyosha by the same mother, Sofia, Ivan is perhaps one of the most complicated characters in the story.
The BRT travels faster than normal busses.
The Brunswick Crosby recording became the best-selling record of its period, and came to be viewed as an anthem of the shattered dreams of the era.
The brushes are spring loaded contacts pressing against the commutator.
The bryozoan fossil record has more than 15,000 species.
The B section breaks off and a long trill heralds the return of the A section, which is repeated in full.
The Buddha is sitting.
The Buick won the Best New SUV / CUV (over C$60,000) award from the AJAC in 2008.
The building became Jobing.com Arena on January 1, 2007.
The building of military equipment and machines also contribute to the economy of Buryatia.
The buildings in the old city originate, on the whole, from building projects during the 16th century, when nearly all the Middle Age period buildings were replaced or expanded.
The building was rebuilt at the same height but with three stories instead of five and remains that way today.
The bullets used by snipers are usually heavy.
The Bundesrat decides most things by absolute majority (at least half of the number of members).
The Bundesversammlung only meets to elect the President.
The Burgsvik beds are located in the area.
The Burmese government does not like the Rohingya people.
The Burpee Museum held a conference in 2005.
The bushes can suffer from pests such as gooseberry sawfly and birds.
The bushrangers finally had to leave the horse in the foothills of the Weddin Mountains.
The bushrangers spent Christmas, 1864, with Dunn's parents at Murrumburrah.
The bushrangers stole Nelson's gun, and his personal belongings and then left the town. citation During the next three months, the gang continued to rob from farmhouses and mail coaches.
The bus rapid transit routes have less stops than other routes, and use articulated buses as of 2007.
The bust of the king priest dating 2,500-1,500 BC excavated at the site of the ancient town of Mohenjo-daro.
The bus was first built by TransBus International until the company was sold to Alexander Dennis.
The bus was used for the music players to meet people.
The butterflies store toxins from the plant, which they maintain even in their adult forms.
The Bystander: John F. Kennedy and the Struggle for Black Equality.
The Byzantine clergy is made to leave and replaced by Bulgarian.
The C5 was much better than the C4 Corvette.
The cables of the controllers are 1.4 meter long.
The Cadmaea, the citadel that was situated upon a hill in Thebes, was occupied by a Macedonian garrison, and it was this place that the Thebans sought to attack.
The Cahora Bassa Dam is in this province.
The Caldecote Manor was transferred to Herbert Ruffus of Walsall in 1166 and was then passed to William Rufus.
The Calgary Flames announced on September 9, 2013 that Kiprusoff had retired.
The California Gold Rush ended in 1855.
The Calle Ocho Festival is held in Little Havana.
The Camaro was first sold in 1967.
The Cambridge Companion to Christopher Marlowe.
The camel could go great distances on very little water.
The camel soon became a ground-attack and infantry support aircraft.
The camera has new settings for better portrait-mode photos and will use new encoding technologies to reduce file sizes on newer devices.
The campaign mode, however has to be played with a friend, someone that the player knows and has consciously added.
The campaign president is Louis J. Marinelli.
The camp even had its own jail and court of law.
The campus is free from the use of drugs, alcohol and smoking.
The Canada 2006 Census said that 4,729 people live there.
The Canadian company Blue Energy has plans for installing very large arrays tidal current devices mounted in what they call a 'tidal fence' in various locations around the world, based on a vertical axis turbine design.
The Canadians alone suffered over 6000 casualties.
The Canadiens then won the Cup with a 4–3 victory in game two.
The canine is really small – smaller than all known hominins we have found in the past".
The canopies with their ornate carvings were added later on and were modelled after the choir stalls in the eastern part of the church.
The cantons are in turn subdivided into 106 communes.
The Canucks drafted Bourdon with their first selection, the tenth overall selection, in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
The capacitive touch keys of the S6 sometimes do not work. citation It is also possible that they do not light up citation or the brightness of the light varies.
The capacitor slowly loses energy, and if the DRAM is not refreshed, in the end one or more of the capacitors will let so much energy out, that for example a 1 will become a 0, so data will be lost or corrupted.
The capacity is 68,500, which is expandable to 75,000.
The cap insignia of the Orix Buffaloes.
The capital at present is Raipur which would change to 'Naya Raipur' near Raipur.
The capital is also named Jalapa.
The capital is Bad Segeberg.
The capital is Chipata.
The capital is Daet.
The capital is Jalingo.
The capital is Khenchela.
The capital is Paraná.
The capital is Peqin.
The capital is Qobustan.
The capital is Quibdó.
The capital is Samraong.
The capital is the city of Retalhuleu.
The capital of Tandjilé was Laï.
The capital of the duchy was Nancy.
The Capitals won the series 4 games to 1 to win their first cup of the franchise.
The capital was Nasirabad town.
The captain of the crew of Serenity is Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds (Nathan Fillion).
The captain of the ship was Stephen, the son of Airard.
The caption reads Is heaven just when it abandons virtue to so big a torment.
The carbon dioxide in the air sacs now need to be exhaled, or breathed out.
The car exploded and burst into flames, killing both Walker and the driver.
The car industry is the best example of mass production during the period.
The Carmelites were founded as a purely contemplative order, but became mendicants in 1245.
The Carpathia is racing to the Titanic site.
The Carrier Strike Force was to enter the Coral Sea south of Guadalcanal.
The Carroll rearrangement is an adaptation of the Claisen rearrangement and effectively a decarboxylative allylation.
The cars, trucks, and buses must be changed to look very different from normal.
The cars will use a black and gold livery (paint scheme).
The car was designed by Dante Giacosa.
The case was called Virginia v. Black.
The castle and its terraces viewed from the south-east.
The castle has extensive, attractive formal gardens, terraces, parkland, deerpark and landscaped estate.
The castle is built at convert above sea level.
The castle is built on the remains of a fort of native Britons.
The castle is destroyed, the gardens disappear, and he goes off back to the Grail.
The Castle is funny to Australians because the movie is about ordinary people.
The castle later went to their daughter Maria, who married Prince Chlodwig Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst.
The casualty rate among officers is particularly high at the front.
The catch is that water and alcohol form a mixture (called an azeotrope) that has a lower boiling point than either one of them, so what distills off first is that mixture of 95% alcohol and 5% water.
The caterpillar has a special organ called an osmeterium.
The caterpillar will grow to 6.5 cm long.
The Cathars built fortified homesteads, but not castles.
The cathedral is about 94 m long, 28 m broad, 26 m high, and the four towers are each about 81 m high.
The cathedral is one of the most popular sights in Germany.
The cathedral was originally the church of St Frideswide's Priory.
The Catholic cathedral of Christchurch, the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament, has half collapsed.
The Catholic Church believes that anyone who is in heaven is already a saint.
The Catholic Church does not allow women to become priests.
The cause of this is unclear.
The caves developed from two completely different karst processes.
The CED is similar to a record because it stores the video and sound as small groves on a black disk.
The ceiling was so famous that many artists tried to copy the way that Michelangelo had arranged and painted the figures.
The celebrations start with the "Dance of the Hours".
The cell can yield a finite amount of energy from this process, the process being limited by the amount of material available either in the electrolyte or in the metal electrodes.
The cell theory has three basic points: all living things are made up of cells.
The cell wall has mechanical strength, and supports cell shape.
The cell wall makes a network of fibers.
The Celsius and Fahrenheit scales are defined so that absolute zero is −273.15 °C or −459.67 °F.
The center finally opened to the public on December 16, 1997.
The center of a cyclone is cloudier.
The center of the field has at least five volcanoes, and the north has two volcanoes.
The center of the light cone is the event.
The center star is only magnitude 13, so it cannot be a large galaxy.
The Central Bank of Costa Rica took over coin production in 1951.
The central bank of Isle of Man is the Isle of Man Treasury.
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) issues money throughout the Nigerian Federation.
The Central Bank of Nigeria has announced that it will no longer issue banknotes on polymer due to higher costs and environmental issues.
The central cone is the highest point of the island (2829 m) and its peak is about 100 m higher than the bordeira that surrounds the crater.
The CentraleSupélec Programme typically lasts three years.
The Central Land Council runs a ranger program in Imanpa.
The central plateau are part of the Anglo-Belgian Basin.
The central question in this debate is whether the 22nd Amendment is imposing requirements on eligibility for holding the office of President or if it is merely imposing requirements on being elected to the office of President.
The central surface covered by ice about convert thick.
The central technique of the Socratic method is called an elenchus.
The Central Texas Council of Governments (CTCOG) is a voluntary association of cities, counties and special districts in central Texas.
The centre circle is 0.9m in diameter and is marked in the centre of the court.
The centre of the city, Al-Bathaa and Al-Dir'iyyah, is also its oldest part.
The centre of the municipality is the town of Askim.
The cereals eaten today grew out of a health campaign that began in the 1860s.
The cerebrum is divided into two cerebral hemispheres.
The certificate needed to play the game is invalid since 2009, Jan 1st, making the game unplayable.
The Cessna Citation X is a twin-
The chairman of the other senate is the vice president.
The chairman of the party is Bjarni Benediktsson and vice chairman is Þórdís Kolbrún Reykfjörð Gylfadóttir.
The Chalukyas of Vengi emerged from (came from) the Chalukyas of Badami.
The Chamber of Deputies (
The champion of the league plays relegation versus the 9th of the Austrian football first league.
The chancel is where the congregation receives the blood and body of Jesus.
The change in formula has shaken up the chart considerably, with some songs debuting on the chart strictly with robust online sales and others making drastic leaps.
The channel began broadcasting on October 28, 2013.
The channel plays up to 15 hours of live shows every day.
The channel reaches a depth of 3,292 m (10,800 feet) about 230 km off the coast of Mozambique.
The channel started broadcasting on 18 November 2015.
The channel usually shows modern family programs which are aimed for everyone.
The chapel was designed by architect, Pierre de Montereau.
The chapter is called Maryam.
The character Doctor Who also appeared in the episodes "The Wedding of Sarah Jane Smith" (played by David Tennant) and "Death of the Doctor" (played by Matt Smith).
The character first appeared historically in Venus No. 6 (August 1949).
The character is hit or not hit if boolean logic is used, but the doorway protects him from the explosion.
The character of Jayne Cobb was a role that was perfect for him.
The character of the shelf changes dramatically at the shelf break, where the continental slope begins.
The characters are Edd, Tom, Matt, and Tord.
The characters, or kanji, mean "little" and "woman".
The character was created by Rob Leifeld in 1991.
The character was created by the SNL star, Molly Shannon and appeared as a recurring character on SNL in many skits.
The Charleville being the more accurate of the two, it was selected as the model for a new American musket.
The Cheboksary–Yadrin and the Cheboksary–Krasnye Chetay autoroute cross the territory of the district.
The Cheebies often find the solutions to the Piplings' problems.
The Cheema Clan located in Nurmahal (Cheema Kalan and Cheema kurd) are situated on the lands of former Noor Jahan (The Persian Queen) the twentieth and last wife of the Mughal emperor Jahangir.
The cheese was famously issued to French troops in the First World War, becoming firmly fixed in the French popular culture as a result.
The chemical equation needs to be balanced so that it follows the law of conservation of mass. citation A balanced chemical equation happens when the number of the different atoms of elements on the reactants side is equal to that of the products side.
The Chernobyl nuclear power plant is in the background.
The chestnut blight wiped out much of the timbered areas.
The Chickasaw are divided into two groups: the Impsaktea and the Intcutwalipa.
The Chief Justice assigns justices to write the Court's opinions and decisions.
The Chief of the General Staff and three Federal Government ministers were among the dead.
The children make the carousel spin by holding on to the handle bars that are attached to the rotating platform.
The children move to their grandfather's house.
The children spent the day at Justice Strauss's home.
The children went to special Chinese American schools.
The China Art Museum is located at No. 205 South Road, Pudong New Area.
The Chinese also call it "Zheda" or "Zju" for short.
The Chinese culture has another method that may not be well known and may be rarely practiced in other places—calling forth the use of the child's own virtue/power.
The Chinese government then banned people from going to the shrine but still many pilgrims came.
The Chinese province where Tuojiangosaurus was found is home to the Zigong Dinosaur Park, the first dinosaur museum in Asia.
The Chinese were now starting to arrive in NSW instead.
The chlorine can kill amphibians, and are found in tap water.
The chlorophyll content of leaves can be non-destructively measured using hand-held, battery-powered meters.
The choice of actions and objects for symbolism is very small.
The choral director for the parish is Dom del Nevo.
The chorus finish by singing of the universal nature of the problem.
The Christian Democrats, in the political wilderness since 1990, were returned to power in the Legislative Assembly, gaining 48.3% of the vote.
The Chunnennuggee Ridge runs through the center of the county.
The church calls itself the Early Church.
The church holds the view that Christ has two essences (qnome) that are united in one person (parsopa).
The church is located between two busy avenues partially lined with trees.
The church name "Adventist" came from the word "Advent."
The church of Mary Magdalene in Le Locle was built in 1351.
The Church of Saint Rémy is well known for its artistic glass windows.
The church was first written about in an index in 1228.
The chytrids are the most primitive of the fungi.
The cinematography, setting, and the lead performances by Hanks and Newman were well received by critics.
The CIPM is assisted by a number of Consultative Committees.
The circle opened in 1905.
The circle symbol for aromaticity was introduced by Sir Robert Robinson and his student James Armit in 1925 James Wilkins Armit and Robert Robinson (1925) "Polynuclear heterocyclic aromatic types.
The circuit diagram for the Circuit of the Americas.
The circuit is also home to the BRDC International Trophy, awarded to the winner of a race for historic F1 cars at the annual Silverstone Classic meeting.
The circuit is very flat with little change in elevation.
The Circuit Riders: Rockefeller Money and the Rise of Modern Science.
The circuit was built in 1960 by Jean Bernigaud.
The circuit will host the Grand Prix until 2016. citation After that, a 5-year option would have to be picked up to keep the race until at least 2021.
The Circum-Baikal Railway starts from the Slyudyanka-II station.
The circumstances of Edward's death have never been made clear; it is not known whether he was killed in the actual fighting or executed after the battle by the Duke of Clarence.
The circus had just finished a performance.
The citizens are mostly fish who lives in ship funnels and boatmobiles.
The city also has a significant archaeological heritage, citation several museums citation citation and performance spaces, citation and a cultural calendar citation with events ranging from reggae concerts citation to opera performances.
The city also tried to host the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
The city and the region is named after this small river.
The city became the capital of the department in 1959.
The city enjoys around 3,000 sunshine hours per year.
The city grew though in later years through the industrial revolution and the city's rich residents built houses close to the park.
The city guards capture the trio and bring them to the court of King Osric (
The city had, in 2010, a total population of 10,893: 5,647 men and 5,246 women.
The city has an area of 64.79 km² and a population of 179,991 at the 2010 Census.
The city has been called the "
The city has been inhabited at least since circa 800 CE.
The city has had many names over the years including City of Angels, City of Tiles, and Heroic City of Zaragoza.
The city is about 40km away from Mexico City.
The city is about convert from the Puerto Plata International Airport.
The city is adorned by Italian colonial villas and mansions, one prominent example being the 'Asmara's World Bank Building'.
The city is also home to the headquarters of U-HAUL International, a rental company and moving supply store, as well Best Western, a hotel chain.
The city is also part of Sullivan county which has 2 other high schools in Kingsport.
The city is divided into 15 municipal districts, managed by Riyadh Municipality headed by the mayor of Riyadh, and the Riyadh Development Authority, chaired by the governor of Riyadh Province, Faisal bin Bandar Al Saud.
The city is located about 50 miles north of Medellin, the department capital.
The city is mostly below 20 meters above sea level.
The city is nearby to popular places like Jhakri, Sarahan Bushahr, Green valley Dhar Gaura and Shraikoti to name a few.
The city is near the Iguazu Falls.
The city is on the banks of the Lahn River, and it is surrounded by many lakes and streams.
The city is surrounded by the Town of Hayward.
The city is the 6th smallest government unit in terms of land area; among the Metro Cebu local government units the city is the second smallest next to the municipality of Cordova in the island of Mactan.
The city is the third largest city in the state.
The city of Basseterre has one of the most tragic histories of any Caribbean capital, destroyed many times by colonial wars, fire, earthquakes, floods, riots and hurricanes.
The city of Caucaia is west of Fortaleza.
The city of Ishigaki serves as the political, cultural, and economic head of the Yaeyama Islands.
The city of Kampen is on the side of the river IJssel.
The city of Mexico City ceased to exist in 1928.
The city of Mississauga has only had four mayors in its past and it was created in 1974.
The city of Warsaw began in 1814.
The city plans to develop virtual economic activity.
The city's defenders fought on home ground for the first time; one German officer said, "Suddenly we were no longer the Nazis, we were German soldiers."
The city used to be known as Peking.
The city was 56.65% white, 39.94% black or African-American, 0.07% Asian, 2.85% other races, and 0.50% from two or more races.
The city was defended by 5,000 German troops, including navy, air force and city police.
The city was first mentioned 1304.
The city was founded in 1543 and remained in Portuguese hands until 1961, when it became part of India.
The city was founded in 1639 as a Buddhist monastery center and, in the 20th century, grew into a major manufacturing center.
The city was important from the Roman period to the 18th century.
The city was named after a nearby train station, which was named before the city was incorporated.
The city was named Carthage, and Dido was its first queen.
The city was plundered for three days.
The city was secretly built in 1946 on a mid-
The city was soon modernized in the early 1910s with the creation of the first sewage system, the first hospital, the first paved roads and the new electricity facilities.
The Clarke Orbit (another name for a geostationary orbit) is about convert around.
The classes are 1/4 A through E. If the motor needs to be bigger than this, a different type of fuel is used.
The classes where phtographed wearing housemaid uniforms.
The classic THX tone is replaced by two gas-passing sounds in the same tone.
The clay can go down even lower with the water because it is the smallest.
The Clean Tech Revolution: The Next Big Growth and Investment Opportunity, is a 2007 book by Ron Pernick and Clint Wilder.
The clerestory windows at Reims from the inside.
The climate is hot in summer, mild in winter and dry.
The clinical observation that antimicrobial therapy reduces symptomatology in men with chronic pelvic pain syndrome is being tested in a double-blinded NIH controlled study.
The clip focuses on Pete Wenz's dog, Hemmingway.
The closest station on the Metropolitan line and Piccadilly line is Ickenham which is 1.1 km from West Ruislip Station.
The closing titles, which had scrolled in multiple 'crossroad' directions since the start, were replaced with conventional scrolling credits.
The club announced its withdrawal from the Swedish women's bandy top division on 23 August 2011 because of lack of players.
The club are currently planning a new stadium that will be located near Marco Polo Airport, away from Venice Island.
The club closed in 1937.
The club continued as an amateur team through various leagues, eventually becoming professional in 1908, and eventually playing in the National Hockey League.
The club decided not to fill this corner with seats, as this would lead to away supporters being surrounded by home fans.
The club finished 2018 season at the bottom place of 17 club and he resigned end of 2018 season.
The club has also an U19 team.
The club has a members only policy.
The club is a founding member of the European Club Association, which was formed after the dissolution of the G-14, a collection of Europe's most elite clubs.
The club known as Cidade de Goa until the late 1990s.
The club meetings last for about two hours and there are many roles.
The club plays in the Franz-Fekete-Stadium, which was built in 1951 and named after a former mayor of Kapfenberg.
The club plays in the North American Soccer League (NASL), the second division in American league system.
The club's academy had continued through the Manchester United Foundation.
The club was created as Sportul Studențesc Iași by a group of students on 27 April 1945, and first received the name of Politehnica one month later (Asociația Sportivă Politehnica Iași).
The club was established in 1927.
The club was established in 1960.
The club was founded in 1982.
The club was founded in 1992.
The club was opened in 1973 by Hilly Kristal.
The club was the first from the continent which was able to defeat an English club on the island (Westham United-Hakoah Vienna 0 : 5) and on Juli 15th, 1917 goalkeeper Willy Halpern was the first Hakoahplayer in the nationalteam.
The club won the 2nd place in 1990/91 and 1991/92 season.
The club won the champions in 2000 and was promoted to J1 from 2001.
The club won the league champions in 1981.
The CND symbol, designed by Gerald Holtom in 1958.
The coat of arms of the Transcaucasian SFSR was adopted by the government of the Transcaucasian SFSR.
The cocktail also shortens the female's lifespan, so reducing her likelihood of mating with other males.
The code is made up of four numbers or letters.
The Coelacanth was thought to have been extinct for 80 million years until one was caught alive off the east African coast in 1938.
The coffee shop that is in many scenes is the now-closed OK Hotel.
The coldest day on record in Banjul was 18.0 °C (64.4 °F) on 4 March 1988 and the warmest night on record was 31.0 °C (87.8 °F) on 13 April 1988.
The coldest temperature was a very cold convert on 4 March 1986.
The collection also contains some famous ancient sculptures, such as the Two Wrestlers.
The collection released 9-discs with comments from Selena's family, bonus tracks and music videos.
The college is found next to the river Cam.
The college is named after Herbert H. Lehman.
The colleges also organize supervisions.
The colony of Rhode Island was formed in the 17th century.
The colony was almost immediately disrupted by a fight over leadership.
The colony (which later became South Africa) made its own decisions.
The Colorado potato beetle did not always eat potato plants.
The color can be black, white, fawn, brown, or ash.
The color imperial shown below was made by mixing Tyrian purple with indigo dye.
The color of the stripes, from the top down, has this pattern: white, red, blue, white, red, blue, white, red.
The color palette can be changed at every scan line using ANTIC display list interrupts, allowing all 256 colors to be displayed at once.
The colors are used for signal purposes by guides.
The colors represent all the "fur colors and nationalities around the world."
The color varies.
The color wheel most commonly used today is called the HSV color wheel which means hue, saturation, value.
The Colossus itself was highly secret even for many years after the War.
The colour comes only from the skin, so if you have short skin contact, the wine will not turn red but only "pink" (
The colours are ground up into dry powders that must be mixed by the artist.
The colours gold and silver were favoured; later, black and red were the favoured colours.
The Columbia County Historical Society has its headquarters in Kinderhook.
The commander is Major General Ilham Mehdiyev.
The commanders of the Dutch troops on South-Beveland refused commands to attack the Germans.
The commercial district of Raffles Place and its respective station is located across the Singapore River.
The commission is a group of people.
The committee later decided that, as the decision to award the prize "was made in good faith", they would not change the award.
The committee might get more than a hundred different names for people to be given the prize.
The Committee on Sexual Orientation and Gender Diversity of the American Psychological Association says the term supports a "heterosexual bias".
The committee soon changed its name to the "International Committee for Relief to the Wounded".
The common cold also known as nasopharyngitis, rhinopharyngitis, acute coryza, or just "a cold".
The Commonwealth countries, including the United States then also introduced these laws.
The Commonwealth Star had six points for the six states.
The commune has an area of convert.
The commune is very rugged with snow-capped mountains and forested slopes with 1,168 hectares of forest.
The commune with fewest people living in it is Zerba, with 78 inhabitants.
The communication is apparently quite effective.
The Communists eventually won the war.
The community in which Satsuki and her family have moved is a typical agricultural town.
The community is also known as East Henderson.
The community is in the federal electoral district of Sydney—Victoria.
The companies also are known to produce automobiles.
The companies must prove the oils' use is safe.
The company also had another brand called RUEHL No.925 which closed in January 2010.
The company became much larger after purchasing the budget label, Mastertronic in 1987.
The company began with the name Galvin Manufacturing Corporation in 1928, and then later adopted the 'Motorola' name in 1947.
The company built the plant in Bhopal because of its central location and access to transport infrastructure.
The company donates ten percent of its royalties to a charity called the Smiley World Association, active with social actions in several countries.
The company had a number of firsts.
The company has grown rapidly since it was founded in 2002, growing from 160 workers in November 2005 to 1,100 in 2010, citation SpaceX (2008-07-10).
The company is known for creating the Oddworld Quintology series released from 1997 to 2005.
The company is majority owned by the Government of Russia, via the Federal Agency for State Property Management and RosneftegazSUBST.
The company is the fourth largest shareholder in SL Green.
The company produces beans, dressings, pastas, sauces, soups.
; the company provided capital to roughly 5,000 small and mid-size businesses before his departure.
The company specialized in farm equipment.
The Company was created by Grizel Syme who ran her dead second husband's brewery.
The company was founded in December 1994.
The company was now run by Carl R. Hellstrom.
The company was ordered by a Thai court to clean up its environmental damage in 2013.
The complaint has to be made within 180 days of when the discrimination happened.
The complete sclerotic ring of a juvenile Coelophysis bauri was compared to those of reptiles and birds.
The complete test results showed this correlation on 16 markers between the child and the tested man.
The compounds that are exiting the column are in the gas phase.
The computer, however, does not know what "cout" is.
The comune with fewest people living in it is Carapelle Calvisio with 88 inhabitants.
The comune with fewest people living in it is Corvara with 247 inhabitants.
The concept grew historically.
The concept of a seven-layer model was provided by the work of Charles Bachman, Honeywell information Services.
The concept of original sin refers generally to the Christian belief in the universal nature of sin.
The concerto had not yet been performed.
The concert was attended by over 50,000 people.
The concert was part of her tour, which started in Peru.
The Concise Oxford English Dictionary defines a test as: "a procedure intended to establish the quality, performance, or reliability of something".
The conclusion was that using both diet and exercise together was the most effective method of weight loss and in maintaining a healthy body.
The conclusion was the accident was caused by a correction made to the route the night before the disaster, and they failed to inform pilot Captain Jim Collins and co-pilot Greg Cassin.
The Concordance Extraction Corporation sent him to the USG Ishimura to repair it.
The concrete cracked and a little mud started leaking into the tunnel.
The concurrent screening work is "Konto 55-Gō jinrui no dai jakuten", directed by Jun Fukuda.
The condition is evaluated and if it is true, the block of code is executed.
The conditions were too severe, and open water caused difficulties.
The condor and huemel are animals found in Chile.
The Condorcet criterion is stronger.
The Confederate Army believing that the swamps on the island were impassable did not post guards there.
The Confederate Navy realized the Union Navy had more ships, guns and men they had with their limited resources.
The Confederates lost about 500 to 600 casualties.
The Confederates seized federal property in the South including several military posts.
The Confederates surprised the Union Army.
The Confederates then fought to contain the breakthrough.
The Confederates won the battle, defeating Siegel's larger force.
The confrontation between general relativity and experiment.
The Congolese people were known to be very aggressive and naturally strong, they and many of the Mandingas, Wolofs, and Fulanis was the main ethnicity to have been born in Maroon villages.
The Congress proposes an amendment in the form of a joint resolution.
The Conjuring 2 was released in North America on June 10, 2016.
The connections between this experiment and those of Pressey were obvious.
The connection to the electrical grid was broken.
The Conners airs at tge same time that the previous show, Roseanne, had been scheduled to air during the 2018–19 television season.
The conquest of Chile ended when Martín García Óñez de Loyola died in 1598 in the Battle of Curalaba.
The consequence was a series of wars which lasted over a hundred years, and ended in the utter destruction of Carthage.
The consequent peace lasted for only one year (18 May 1803) and was the only period of general peace in Europe between 1793 and 1814.
The Conservative Party won enough seats to form the government.
The conservatory complex at Gardens by the Bay, Singapore, is made up of two cooled conservatories – the Flower Dome and the Cloud Forest.
The conservatory was named after him in 1944.
The consonant phonemes of Proto-East-Cushitic (PEC): A first approximation.
The constituency was first created in 1950, but has changed shape over time.
The constitutional guarantees no longer exist and the states no longer have equal rights.
The constitution designates Orthodox Christianity as the traditional religion of the country and gives the free exercise of any religion.
The Constitution had no limit on how many times a person could be elected as president.
The Constitution itself is in eight chapters, with 128 sections.
The constitution itself required that it be provided to school children at the time of their graduation.
The Constitution leaves states to decide how electors will vote.
The Constitution of Austria was started in 1920 and changed in 1929.
The Constitution sets out the boundaries of federal law.
The construction had started in the year 1559 and was completed in the year 1581.
The construction of the station affected 16 factories as land between the Yew Tee and Kranji MRT stations was bought by the government.
The consumer will demand more goods, if the market price drops.
The contents of the urn are reputed to be the ashes of an item of cricket equipment, a bail.
The contestants compete in challenges for rewards and immunity from elimination.
The contestant who gets the word wins.
The contest started in 1990 by Hugh Loebner.
The contracts that Vár makes are called varar.
The contracts with Gyuri, Seungyeon and Hara expired and they decided not to renew their contracts.
The controller makes sure that the aircraft does not crash.
The control of buoyancy like this limits the nautilus; they cannot operate under extreme pressure.
The control system varies greatly from limb to limb.
The controversy added to the growing fight that became the civil war.
The conversion produces sweetness of desired types.
The cookie is stored in the web browser on the person’s computer.
The coolest month on average is February, with an average temperature of 16.1°C (61.0°F).
The coracle is a small, lightweight boat.
The Coradia 1000 Adelante (seen here at Bath Spa) is a high-speed train used in the United Kingdom.
The core of this way of life was summed up in the phrase "Do what thou wilt" ("fay çe que vouldras" in the original old French).
The Cornell Lab of Ornithology, n.d. Web.
The cornerstone for the Old Main Building was laid on September 20, 1875.
The Cornville CDP includes the communities of Cornville and Page Springs.
The corpses were often left there for months.
The Corpus Christi Altar with The Last Supper (1330 - see picture) shows one of the oldest tablet paintings in Mecklenburg.
The correct way to spell the name of the instrument is "Native American flute" using capital letters for "N" and "A" and lower-case letters for the "f" in "flute".
The corresponding month in the Babylonian calendar is Tišritum, made for Shamash (the Sun).
The Corvette C7 is the seventh Corvette model.
The coscoroba swan (Coscoroba coscoroba) is a distant relative of the true swan.
The cosmic microwave background (CMB) temperature fluctuations from the 7-year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe data seen over the full sky.
The cosmological argument is an attempt to prove the existence of God by the fact that things exist.
The cost of a device is not only determined by its resolution, but also by its light output, acoustic noise output, contrast, and other characteristics.
The costs of failure: A preliminary assessment of major energy accidents, 1907–2007, Energy Policy 36 (2008), p. 1806.
The cotyledon is a necessity of plants and in this case becomes the leaves of the plant.
The council approved and it went into effect on January 1, 2011.
The Council is also responsible for organizing the Assembly meetings and for helping communication between the Assembly and the Directorate.
The council meets the 2nd and 4th Thursday of each month at 6:30PM.
The council met for the last time from 1562-63.
The council only agreed after pressure from Upward's friends.
The Council serves as a forum for consultation for the president and the federal government on matters of national security including the sovereignty, integrity, defence, and security of the State and crisis management in general.
The Count di Luna is in love with Leonora.
The Country Fire Authority (CFA) puts out fires on private property.
The country has a police force of 295.
The country has no formal armed forces, although the police has a Special Service Unit that has a supporting role on the island.
The country has seen over 10,000 confirmed cases.
The 'country' in contemporary Australian women's country music: gender, history, narrative.
The country sent two people to the 2014 Winter Paralympics, and three people to the 2010 Winter Paralympics.
The countryside is mainly used to grow grapes and has woods, cattle and cereals.
The country's name was changed to "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland".
The country's vast area, and cultural diversity, have led to a local cuisine of various dishes.
The country was influenced by various Chibcha speaking indigenous people.
The country was poor, with little in the way of goods to export.
The counts used viscounts or deputy counts to assist them.
The county has a major international airport, the Oslo Airport.
The county has a total area of 1,041 square miles.
The county has a total area of 1,060 square miles.
The county has a total area of 1,256 square miles.
The county has a total area of 644 square miles.
The county has a total area of 840 square miles.
The county has voted for Republican politicians for many years.
The county is crossed by Route 94, called the "Missouri Weinstrasse".
The county is divided into municipalities.
The county is in the south part of the state.
The County of Hohenzollern-Hechingen was created in 1576, when the County of Hohenzollern was divided.
The county that has the fewest people living in it is Kalawao county, HI where only about 90 people live.
The county town is Lochgilphead.
The county was created in 1837, and its quite small.
The county was created in 1874.
The county was created on February 20, 1799.
The county was established in 1840.
The county was named in honor of John Broome, who was lieutenant governor in 1806 when Broome County was founded.
The Coupe de la Ligue is a French football competition.
The couple divorced in 2004.
The couple divorced two years later in 1966.
The couple had a son, Randall Challen Berg III.
The couple had three sons, Eli, D.L. and Gabriel.
The couple had two children, Tom and Freddie.
The couple had two daughters, Andrea and Santha.
The couple had two sons, Sebastian (born 1 February 2009) and Oliver (born 19 March 2011).
The couple have one son, Rob, and two daughters, Rachel and Ruth.
The couple purchased a land beside their shop to build a mosque.
The couple's daughter, Natalie, is a professional wrestler with the ring name "
The couple separated in 1927 and after a serious illness Rattanbai died.
The couple separated in May 2014.
The course is acknowledged as the finest and most respected in India.
The Court had already decided that people had the right to a lawyer during trials.
The court held that it applies to the states.
The Court ruled that having a lawyer was not a basic right, and was not necessary for a fair trial.
The court said Erie would still be county seat.
The cover is pictured on the Wikipedia article.
The cowry ridges allowed the needle to get under the cloth more easily.
The cow's nature is represented in Kamadhenu; the goddess who is the mother of all cows.
The CPE is good for universities.
The CPE is the most difficult exam.
The CPU's job is to process the calculations needed to make the computer function.
The crack stays inside the safety glass, preventing shattering of the safety glass.
The Crafoord Prize is an annual science prize established in 1980 by Holger and Anna-Greta Crafoord.
The Cranbourne Racecourse and Recreation Reserve and the Cranbourne Training Complex are popular facilities.
The crash caused the back four carts to crash into the station platforms.
The crash remains the worst in Irish territory.
The crater is convert in diameter, and is estimated to be 1.4 ± 0.1 million years old (
The crater was chosen because it may allow for the study of two billion years of Martian history.
The creators lost interest in the theme, and changed it to 100 years of suspended animation.
The crescent has a grand assembly room with a painted ceiling.
The crest is designed to stress the pursuit of knowledge.
The crew finds out that "Miranda" is an unknown planet near the edge of the solar system.
The crew just calls him "The Professor".
The crew was later traded in a prisoner exchange.
The crime was made by the Dockyards etc. Protection Act 1772 (12 Geo.
The criticism, which is specific for Esperanto, targets various parts of the language itself (the special Esperanto letters, the -n ending, sound of the language, and so on).
The crossing would have three parts, one connecting Big Diomede Island to Russia, one connecting Small Diomede with Alaska, and a final link between the islands.
The cross is shown as the tree of life - true to the words of Christ: “I am the vine and you are the branches” (John 15:5).
"The Crossroads Motel" was located near the fictional small village of King's Oak.
The cross, which brought death, is not seen as an instrument of torture but through the resurrection of Christ it came to be understood as a symbol of eternal life.
The crowd is having a lot of fun.
The crowd slowly walks away, still stunned with what they have just seen.
"The crown is not my right.
The Crown Prince Couple live both in Frederik VIII’s Palace at Amalienborg and in the Chancellery House at Fredensborg Palace.
The Crown Victoria also has the distinction of being the last car Ford sold with an analogue odometer when it was updated for the 2006 model year.
The Crystal Spirit.
The CSIRO states that approximately 4,400 cassowaries live in the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area.
The cuisine is run by the award-winning chef Michel Roth, the ninth head chef of the hotel.
The cultural influence from Italy is clearly evident in the urbanization plans of the main Dalmatian cities in the XIX/XX centuries.
The Cultural Revolution began to slow down in 1967, and ended in 1969.
The culture of fascism: visions of the Far Right in Britain.
The culture of Iran has been influenced by many different things, by religion and by its ancient history.
The curiae formed the voting units in the Roman assemblies: Comitia Curiata.
The currency of Peru is the Nuevo Sol.
The currency of Sudan is called the Sudanese Pound (Jinneh).
The current captain of the side is defender David Abraham from Argentina.
The current chancellor of the university is Dr. John C. Stockwell.
The current chancellor of the university is Dr. Thomas K. Harden.
The current Coptic Catholic Patriarch of Alexandria is Archbishop Antonios Naguib.
The current flag is a change of the 1951 flag.
The current format began in late February 2008, where teams representing each province of Thailand answer questions about various aspects of the culture of Thailand in a knockout competition.
The current fourth generation appeared in December 2015.
The current Galician flag is actually the original blue-over-white saltire but without one of the arms of the cross.
The current leader is Josef Bucher.
The current mayor is Bonnie Crombie who assumed office in the December of 2014.
The current mayor is Jim Lane.
The current mayor of Hempstead is Kate Murray.
The current mill is a 19th-century woodworking factory.
The current national flag of Belarus was introduced on June 7, 1995.
The current noise levels allow for 41 daily commercial flights and 25 commuter flights.
The current president is David Smith, MD.
The current President of Białystok, elected for his first term in 2006, is Tadeusz Truskolaski.
The current President of Brazil is Jair Messias Bolsonaro.
The current president of the university is Alan G. Merten.
The current president of the university is Arthur C. Vailas, Ph.
The current president of the university is Jo Ann M. Gora.
The current protocol version, X11, appeared in September 1987.
The current terminal building is largely the result of extensions made during the late 1990s.
The curve is merely an accessory to control."
The custom is rare in Western culture.
The custom of hanami is more than a thousand years old.
The custom was expanded to include a community's oldest women in 1930.
The cut is often very rough and often has splinters.
The cutting edge was on the inside part of the blade.
The Cybister can be eaten by humans.
The cycle will stop if the woman gets pregnant (if a fertilized egg implants itself into the lining of the uterus).
The Cylons stood up to the people from the Colonies and fought against them.
The D311 and D64 roads pass through the commune.
The D31, D61, D81, D83, D431, D751 and D952 pass through the commune of Amboise.
The D343, D443 and D443A roads pass through the commune.
The D6, D11, D14, D214 and N94 roads pass through the commune.
The D93, D93L, D614, D942 and N94 roads pass through the commune.
The D947 and D947T roads pass through Abriès-Ristolas.
The D973, D906, D33 and D111D roads pass through La Rochepot.
The Dakelh way of live is based on the seasons.
The Dalek Emperor returned at the end of the 2005 series, having rebuilt the Dalek race with human subjects; it saw itself as a god, and the new Daleks were shown worshipping it.
The Daleks are one of the most powerful races in the Doctor Who history.
The Daleks have appeared on the show many times and their design has seen many changes.
The Dalmatians rushed to Venice.
The Dál nAraide and the Cruthin, who were pre-Gaelic Celts and probably related to the Picts of Britain citation lived in lower County Antrim.
The damage a virus can cause is influenced by the rights the user has; if the user has no rights to write to certain places in the system, the virus will not be able to spread to those places.
The damage from Frances was $500 million.
The damage to the leadmines near Wytheville would keep them out of production for three months, and then only partial production would be possible.
The dam had been authorized under the Flood Control Act of 1941.
The dam made Lawrence special because few cities had a dam.
The dam provides about 3% of China's electricity.
The damson is generally less sweet than other kinds of plum and is used in jams, jellies, and liqueurs.
The dam was a popular spot for swimming.
The dam was built from December 30, 1970 to December 10, 1988.
The dam was never rebuilt.
The dancers believe that the actions and songs used in the rain dance will cause rain to fall.
The Danes had operated as a single army for nine years.
The danger from lava flows would be low to moderate because the nature of the lavas would prevent them from travelling far from their source,even though the Ring Creek lava flow ends only 6 km from Squamish.
The danger of the eruption increased over the next several days.
The Danish boat originally lost their eleventh round robin race by seven seconds, but following a protest the result was annulled and the race resailed.
The Daodejing intends to lead students to "return" to their natural state, in harmony with Tao.
The data book of Astronomy.
The date 27 April is now a public holidays in South Africa.
The date of 7 March corresponds to the day of the Battle of Ben Guerdane which takes place on 7 March 2016 in Tunisia.
The dauphin mourned the death of his first wife but would eventually fall in love with Marie Josèphe.
The David Weir leisure centre has lots of exciting things to do like gymnastics, a track, and soft play.
The day began at City Hall.
The day of the fire was the celebration of the Feast of the Immaculate Conception.
The DC-9 first flew in 1965.
The DC-9 was a brand new design.
The DC voltage (direct current voltage) always has the same polarity (positive or negative), such as in a battery.
The deal being signed whilst they were on tour in Japan.
The deal they worked out was that for six months, Pluto got Proserpina.
The death of King Baudouin in 1993 caused a short period of uncertainty about the succession.
The Death Penalty as Cruel Treatment and Torture: Capital Punishment Challenged in the World's Courts.
The death penalty would be illegal in every state in the country.
The death rate was higher than the birth rate in 2010, but has since slowly reversed.
The death was kept a secret until this morning, when a city medical examiner was called in. It was first publicly announced at the Mother Church this morning.
The Decameron is a collection of 100 short stories.
The DEC campus has been successively Digital, Compaq, and is now HP.
The December 29, 2002 concert at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois is the reason the band went on a hiatus then broke up the first time back in 2004.
The decision in this case allowed the police to have discretion in identifying suspicious or illegal activities.
The decision to adopt a non profit legal structure is one that will often have tax benefits.
The Declaration was written with the advise of OSS Detachment 101 Maj. Archimedes Patti.
The declensions are numbered 1 through 5 (first declension, second declension etc), each having different endings that identify the noun's declension.
The Dee and most of its tributaries arise in Wales.
The deep Death Valley basin is filled with sediment (light yellow) eroded from the surrounding mountains.
The deepening continued, and Linda reached Category 5 intensity the next day.
The defeat of the Royalist army by the New Model Army of Parliament at the Battle of Naseby in June 1645 destroyed most of the King's forces.
The demands were refused many times by the jail authorities and the jailors forced the prisoners to break their hunger strike treacherously.
The Democratic caucus occurred on 26 March 2016.
The density of ice is about 0.92 kg per liter, that of sea water is about 1.025 kg per liter.
The department is named after this river.
The department told its officials to include their gender when they are being admitted to schools and give equal importance to transgender children during enrollment drives.
The De Pass brothers began the Pomona Copper Company in Pomona, Namibia in 1861.
The Dependency includes part of Victoria Land, and most of the Ross Ice Shelf.
The dependent variable is basically the part that you are changing.
The dependent variable is the possible outcome of the experiment; the effect.
The depression continued quickly westward and remained weak until the 8th, when it slowed enough to strengthen to a tropical storm.
The depression moved north and dissipated on September 29.
The designer said, "The hardest thing of all was having a Na'vi on top of it and flying it.
The designers wanted higher energy to study smaller building blocks of matter.
The designs of post cards have evolved since the early ages and many prefer to send personalized post cards now which gives a personal touch or adds a feeling or emotion to it.
The design team that developed the first version of this tank, led by commander of the Israeli armored corps, Israel Tal.
The design was based on the SLV and the project started in the 1980s.
The Destruction of Nikolaevsk-on-Amur, An Episode in the Russian Civil War in the Far East, 1920.
The details are not fully understood, but it is important to get enough sleep for the body and the brain to be healthy and work properly.
The details of her contract were not disclosed.
The details of how they met in a club are vague.
The details of their suicides are uncertain.
The details vary from group to group, and from species to species.
The detainees (people who were kept there) came from countries that were fighting against Germany in the war.
The detective utters the prayer, "Blessed art thou oh G-d who made me not a woman.
The device has an improved camera and is protected against ingress of water.
The devil then told Jesus to jump off the highest part of the Temple to show his power, since the Bible said that God would send angels to save Him.
The Devonport Regional Gallery began as "The Little Gallery", private gallery started by Jean Thomas in 1966.
The DFC Heidenreichstein is a woman´s football club from Heidenreichstein, Lower Austria, Austria.
The DFSG is part of the Debian Social Contract.
The DFV remained in F3000 until 1992.
The dhole lives in big, loosely organised groups with several breeding females.
The diagonals of an n-parallelotope intersect at one point and are bisected by this point.
The dialects in Drenthe are called Drents.
The diameter of Arcturus is around 40 million kilometers.
The diarrhea is severe and can be a problem for the people who catch the disease.
The dichroic beamsplitter acts as a wavelength specific filter, transmitting fluoresced light through to the eyepiece or detector, but reflecting any remaining excitation light back towards the source.
The Dictionary of Modern Medicine.
The dictionary of philosophy.
The didgeridoo is now often used as an instrument in the experimental and avant-garde music scene.
The Diet started on 23 January 1521.
The difference between station wagons and regular sedans is that the station wagon has no trunk, plus the roofs are extended backwards over a shared passenger or cargo volume with access in the back.
The difference between the energy flux and the pressure is like the difference between the heat coming through a large window and the weight of a very small mosquito.
The difference between them is where the fulcrum is and where the forces are.
The difference in the HOMO's energy level and the LUMO's energy level is called the band gap.
The different areas of study use different techniques to separate the microfossils.
The different atoms and the shape and length of the chains change how the plastic looks and works.
The different minerals in the rocks make different kinds of rock.
The different types of money are typically classified as "M"s.
The Dinosaur Quarry coord is in Utah just to the north of the town of Jensen, Utah.
The dinosaur renaissance revived the general interest in dinosaurs.
The diphthong similar to Bavarian and Swabian is the German -ür or -für gets changed to -ia or -fia, or sometimes -är.
The Director of the Office of Insular Affairs intends that nothing in this notice shall deny or impair the right of innocent passage in the waters surrounding Navassa Island.
The Director's Office is responsible for the Center's overall management and its relations with other organizations.
The director was Raja Gosnell, who was the editor of both original movies and the star actor was Alex D. Linz as Alex D. Pruitt.
The disabled spaces are usually wider than the others so that the vehicle doors can be opened wide for the disabled person to get out.
The discovered Clements had met with athletic director Bob Hitch, and agreed that the payments had to continue.
The discovery forced scholars to rethink the sequence in which key changes to the skeleton took place.
The disease began to spread in the country was on 9 March in the Stockholm region.
The dish of stuffed peppers exists in other countries and cultures.
The dish shown uses the old logo of the AT&T affiliate mentioned.
The disorder does not occur very often.
The displacement was dropped from 4.0L to 3.5L.
The display indicates the year 1900 instead of 2000.
The dispute stemmed from a 1999 purchase of Teacher's Insurance's 27.5% equity stake by Simon Properties, giving them majority ownership.
The distance between Chinatown and the next station, Clarke Quay, is the shortest distance between two MRT stations in Singapore, a mere 360 metres.
The distance between the two blue lines is also 17⅔ m (58 ft).
The distinction between sources can be relative to a specific field of study.
The distinction has no taxonomic basis.
The distinctive central control tower, nearly a dozen stories high, is a local landmark with its pair of segmented elliptical pylons and a six-story platform trussed between them.
The district had an average literacy rate of 65.96%, higher than the national average of 64.8% and the state average of 57.36%.
The district has 2 towns and 23 villages.
The district has an area of 3,310 km² (1,278 sq. miles); the population according to the 1998 census was 448,310.
The district has an area of convert, which makes it by area rank 4 of the districts of Tyrol.
The district has many source of waterbodies.
The district headquarters is Balod.
The district headquarters is based in Leh.
The district headquarters is Firozabad city.
The district is divided into 51 villages (里), which are further divided up into 987 villages (鄰).
The District is headed by a powering authority named as District Coordianation Officer.
The district is in the middle of the state.
The district is located between several hill chains -
The district is part of Bhopal Division.
The district of Lakshmipur consists 3539 mosques, 45 temples, 1 churches.
The district of Moradabad lies east of the Ganges and west of the native state of Rampur.
The districts at the top have the biggest population and the districts at the bottom have a smaller number of people.
The districts typically have populations of 174,000 to 1.1 million.
The district was made in 1994 by joining the old districts Gadebusch, Grevesmühlen and Wismar, and also smaller parts of the districts Sternberg and Schwerin-Land.
The diversity of size in breweries is matched by the diversity of processes, degrees of automation, and kinds of beer produced in breweries.
The division experienced heavy combat against North Vietnamese Army (NVA) regular forces in the mountains surrounding an area called Kontum.
The division is named after Edmund Kennedy, an explorer in the area where the division is located in Queensland.
The division now includes Eastwood, Epping, Carlingford and working class Ermington in the north and west.
The Division was created on 13 September 1922, for the 1922 Federal election.
The divorce was ruled invalid.
The docking (association) is usually reversible (dissociation).
The Doctor and River meet again in an alternate reality after River stopped the Doctor being killed by the astronaut.
The Doctor explains that TARDISes are not built, but they are grown like plants.
The doctor Heiter then kidnaps a Japanese man named Katsuro (played by Akihiro Kitamura).
The doctor in this first book takes a ship to Africa to cure the animals there.
The doctor may also use a curette to scrape out the lining of the uterus.
The Doctor stole the TARDIS from a Time Lord museum when he began his travels.
The doctor told Rutherford the woman was very old.
The doctrine says that it is God's will for his people to be blessed.
The document was written in response to the anti-slavery 1855 Topeka Constitution.
The Dodge WC series, sometimes nicknamed 'Beeps', were a prolific range of light 4WD and medium 6WD military utility trucks, produced by Dodge / Fargo during World War II.
The dodo was a large bird and weighed about convert.
The dog said, "Please scatter my ashes on the dead cherry blossom tree!"
The dogs, of which there 36, were left behind on the final attempt on the Pole.
The dome of St. Peter's rises to a height of 136.57 m (448.06 ft) from the floor of the basilica.
The Dominica Olympic Committee was formed in 1993 and recognized in 1998.
The doors then close after an adjustable time period and the car remains unusable until reset, usually by cycling the elevator main power switch.
The dotted lines on the map show where one district ends and another begins.
The Douala Edéa Wildlife Reserve is in the region.
The Downtown Line Stage 3 station started construction in September 2011 and completed on 21 October 2017.
The "Drain" has a positive power.
The dramatic coastal exposure of the Coal Age rocks, known as the Joggins Fossil Cliffs, are continually hewn and freshly exposed by the actions of the tides in the Cumberland Basin.
The draw for the semi-finals and final (to come up with the "home" team) was held on 24 April 2015. citation The first legs were played on 5 and 6 May, and the second legs were played on 12 and 13 May 2015.
The draw was held on Tuesday, 9 October 2007 at 12:00 CET in Nyon, Switzerland.
The dresser has drawers for clothes.
The drivers and hardware for the game port midi capabilities are based around the now standard Roland MPU-401 MIDI interface (in UART mode only), and support most MPU-401 standard applications for Windows and DOS.
The driver, the group's manager, was speeding on a slippery road due to rain and lost control of the van.
The drug is absorbed through the vein under the tongue.
The drug would sometimes be slipped to persons unknowingly, often through "spiked" punch or drinks.
The dry climate is not only because by the low amount of rainfall but also because of the fact that it rarely rains at all.
The DSM organizes these conditions into different categories.
The Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was set up in 1701.
The duet between Nero and Poppea at the end of the opera may have been written by another composer.
The duke of Mantua was probably cross that he had lost such a good musician.
The Duryeas then began making the first automobiles for everyday use in 1896.
The dust and cobwebs disappear.
The dust storms destroyed crops, leaving farmers without food or something to sell.
The Dutch had ordered some equipment from Germany, which delayed deliveries.
The Dutch Labour Party did not agree and stepped out of the coalition.
The Dutch military had not got much new equipment since before the First World War.
The Dutch word for German, Duits, comes from the same origin.
The DVD and Blu-ray version had "Digital Imagination: Bringing Terabithia to Life", "Behind the Book: The Themes of Bridge to Terabithia" It also had "Keep Your Mind Wide Open" music video by Robb, and two audio commentaries.
The DVD had a behind-the-scenes footage of the band, and showed how the band prepared to put on the show.
The DVD re-release coincides with the 30th anniversary of the release of the movie.
The EAN is a special case of a Global Trade Item Number.
The earliest artworks were rock carvings, body painting and ground designs, which date back more than 30,000 years.
The earliest, made in 1928, was called Clothes Make the Woman.
The earliest of the Vedas, the Ṛgveda Saṃhitā, contains 1,028 hymns, some of which may be as old as 1500 BC.
The earliest phase of development centered around the concept of the game, which was players using their fingers to guide water to a goal.
The earliest predecessor of the game, chaturanga, originated in India in the 6th century, and spread from China to Japan, where it spawned a number of variants.
The earliest recorded earthquake in Japan was in 416. The Imperial Palace in Kyoto was destroyed.
The earliest written example of Tigrinya is a text of local laws found in Logosarda district, Southern Region, Eritrea.
The ears are very long and rounded.
The earthquake damaged buildings and started fires.
The earthquake happened on September 21, 1999 at 1:47 am local time (
The Earth's North and South Magnetic Poles are also known as Magnetic Dip Poles, referring to the vertical "dip" of the magnetic field lines at those points.
The Earth was destroyed by the Vogons just before its calculations were due to complete.
The east end was rebuilt in 1860, and the rest of the Abbey was largely rebuilt around 1900.
The eastern and western hemispheres show markedly different terrains.
The Eastern Bloc was the group of socialist countries led by the Soviet Union (USSR).
The Eastern district is mostly poor, African-American residential neighborhoods.
The eastern lesser bamboo lemur has a dense, woolly coat that is grey to olive-grey on the upperparts, with chestnut-brown tinges on the head, shoulders, and sometimes the back.
The eastern office of the council is in the town.
The Eastern Ridges and Lowlands area is found in the southeastern part of Wisconsin.
The eastern, Spanish colony of "Santo Domingo" remained poor and with a very low population.
The Eastern Union Railway was built through the parish and opened on 15 July 1846.
The East India Company decided not to give the Tiger to the Queen, but to keep it.
The economic and political future looked good.
The economy of Busto Arsizio is based on industry and commerce.
The economy of the country is among the world's fastest growing.
The "Edamthala" is made of only one/two layer of cow skin and the "Valamthala" will have a five/seven layer skin, so as to have a bass sound.
The Edge of Night from 1967 to 1977. citation His movie appearances include The Crowded Sky (1960), Kisses for My President (1964) and Follow Me, Boys!
The edict said that Christians could believe what they wanted.
The editor of the site is stated as Malcolm H Duncan, a UK qualified medical doctor.
The Edo period is also a very important period in the history of Japan.
The education at these schools could be good or very good.
The effects of cider are the same as those of any alcoholic drink.
The effects of framing and negotiator overconfidence on bargaining behaviours and outcomes.
The effects of hallucinogens depend on the type of drug, the strength of the dose, the functioning of the person taking them and their state of mind.
The effects of slavery on morals and industry.
The effect was to increase the availability of consumer commodities.
The effort did not succeed.
The egg case also contains a bubble of gas used for buoyancy similar to shelled cephalopods, although it does not have chambers as seen in other shelled cephalopods.
The egg cell contains relatively few mitochondria, but it is these mitochondria that survive and divide to populate the cells of the adult organism.
The eggs and sugar are mixed with other ingredients.
The Egyptian idea of the underworld influenced many other ideas of afterlife in other cultures.
The Egyptians recognized three seasons: Akhet (flooding), Peret (planting), and Shemu (harvesting).
The Egyptian word "Hotep" means "peaceful", "to be pleased", and also "conciliation" or "to be reconciled".
The Ekaltadeta was a giant, meat-eating rat-
The Elbow River enters the city in the southwest, then turns north and merges into the Bow River immediately east of downtown.
The eldest, Julie Marie (born 1989), is his daughter with acting coach Jan Tarrant.
The election was one of many races across the province of Ontario.
The Electoral College favors those who win more states, big and small.
The electrical contacts in a USB connector are protected by a plastic tongue.
The element was named for Darmstadt which was the place of its discovery.
The elephant usually stands still, raises its trunk, and blows.
The emblem of Jeju United FC is a shield-shaped one with the combination of black, red, and blue.
The emergence of same-sex preferences among preschool peers: A developmental ethological perspective.
The emergence of the new hawthorn fly is an example of evolution in progress.
The emergency room case was also in Foot's 1967 essay.
The emo hairstyle is flat, straight, and usually jet black hair with long bangs that often will cover a lot of the face.
The Emperor's codes: Bletchley Park and the breaking of Japan's secret ciphers.
The Empire controlled land on every inhabited continent.
The Empire finds the Rebels and they have to leave the planet after a battle.
The empire had two capital cities: Vienna in Austria and Budapest in Hungary.
The empire is sometimes called a 'steppe Atlantis' (stepnaja Atlantida, Степная Атлантида).
The Empire State Plaza has many state agency office buildings.
The Empire Theatre sometimes plays host to music acts, and has attracted Deacon Blue and Journey South to the city in recent years.
The Empire Windrush arrived at Tilbury on 22 June 1948, carrying 493 passengers from Jamaica wishing to start a new life in the United Kingdom.
The "empty" index is actually the 0th index.
The Enantiornithes are thought to have left no living descendants.
The Encyclopædia Britannica presents him as ″perhaps the most important French poet of the latter half of the 20th century″.
The encyclopedia of dance and ballet.
The encyclopedia of the cat.
The end which is placed in the drink is wider, with small holes or slots that let the brewed liquid in, but block the chunky matter that makes up much of the mixture.
The energy difference between "classical" carbocations and "non-classical" isomers is often very small, and there is generally little, if any activation energy involved in the transition between "classical" and "non-classical" structures.
The energy distribution of cosmic rays peaks at convert.
The energy efficiency will continue to increase.
The energy of those is limited strictly by the strength of magnets and by the cost.
The engagement ceremony was held on 3 October 1941, and the wedding ceremony took place on 22 October 1941.
The engine contains the code needed to run the game on a computer.
The engines in propeller powered aircraft achieve their maximum efficiency at much lower altitudes.
The engine was sensitive to fuel mixture control, and wrong settings caused the engine to cut out during takeoff.
The English ocarina was first made in the 1960s by John Taylor.
The English, scared that they would lose, wanted a peace treaty.
The English title is Scared.
The English translation was made by Eddie Rivera and Eddie Woods in 1931.
The Ennead usually consisted of Atum, his children Shu and Tefnut, their children Geb and Nut, and their children Osiris, Isis, Set, and Nephthys.
The enormous bulk of Klump the Kremling landed on top of Diddy, knocking him senseless.
The enter-exit cycle continued in 1961 when Texas College withdrew, followed by the entrance of Alcorn A&M in 1962.
The entire album was provided on their website for legal download many months before the CD release was announced.
The entire fleet was sold to different airlines in 2012.
The entire series continued to air without disruption on all other Philippines cable operators.
The entirety of the flower lies below the level of the (undisturbed) free surface.
The entrance is in the structure, entering the building on one side with a covered carport on the other.
The entrance to the roller coaster.
The entrance to the University of Cincinnati campus.
The enzyme moves Na + (
The Eoarchaean was followed by the Palaeoarchaean Era.
The episodes of first, second and fifth seasons were half-hourly, while episodes of third, fourth and sixth seasons were one-hourly.
The episode started with a message from Vince McMahon which originally aired on the edition of June 26 of ECW.
The epithet neb tawy, "Lord of the Two Lands", meaning the valley and delta regions of Egypt was also often used.
The EP was released in 1985.
The EP was re-released in late October 2008, with two new songs.
The equivalents for a woman are "Lady" and "madam".
The escutcheon is emblazoned: Gules a triskele argent garnished and spurred Or.
The essays explained the new Constitution and all the protections in it.
The estimated costs to maintain the sites is around £239,500 during 2002–03.
The estimated mass of the cluster is 450,000 solar masses.
The E train splits off from the underground subway at Copley Station.
The etymology (where the word came from) of "vassal" is from a Celtic word gwas "boy" that meant a young male slave, with a Latinised form, vassus that appeared in Salic Law (Rouche 1987 p 429), like the way "
The Eurasian bullfinch population in Britain has been in serious decline since the mid-1970s; numbers have fallen by 62 per cent in 35 years.
The European hare (
The European Institute for International Law and International Relations (EIIR) is dedicated to manage risk and building resilience to promote peace, security, and sustainable development.
The evaluation of suseok recognizes color, shape, markings and surface.
The evaluation process is not yet completed.
The event acts as FIS World Cup preselection.
The events are held in December every year, as they are intended to be a holiday treat for the troops.
The events lead to the Treaty of Nerchinsk.
The events that led to the Wakarusa War started on November 21, 1855.
The event was originally hosted under the name Out in the Green Festival until it was changed to Openair Frauenfeld in 2007.
The evidence for evolution is given in a number of books.
The evolution of milk production made use of a feature which was present before modern mammals.
The exact cause and interpretation of wave function collapse is still widely debated in the scientific community.
The exact cause of vitiligo is complex and not fully understood.
The exact date of this birth is not known, but it was around 1145.
The exact length of the Appalachian Trail is not known because work on the trail changes its length every year.
The exact location of her grave within the burial ground has not been found.
The exact location of his tomb has been lost.
The exact location where Popes Clement VI and Gregory were born is not known with certainty.
The exact shape and orientation of this oval depend on one's location on the Moon.
The exact words in Arabic mean "
The exact words of the edict are no longer known.
The execution followed soon afterwards.
The exhibition will tour in Europe and the USA from 2006 to 2010.
The existence of chess databases is one of the reasons young players can achieve mastery at an early age.
The experienced Japanese carrier aircrews did better than those of the U.S. The Japanese aircrews did more damage with the same number of aircraft.
The experiment shows the flow of a piece of pitch over many years.
The experts think that if Dürer loved his wife he would have taken more time over those pictures to make her look more beautiful and friendly.
The explanation for the brightness of the different-colored lines of neon and the other elements could wait.
The explanations are based on assumptions.
The extent of nectar consumption by spiders may therefore have been under-estimated.
The external root sheath appears empty with cuboid cells when stained with H&E stain.
The Extreme versions also come in dual-core and quad-core versions.
The eye-holes were covered with clear glass.
The eye is often seen from space as a small, round, cloud-free spot.
The eyes are large and round.
The eyes are small, and the ears are little more than ridges on the skin.
The fabric of the human body, translated by Daniel H. Harrison and Malcolm H. Hast.
The face of the woman is not visible.
The facilities and expertise to produce nuclear power can be readily adapted to produce nuclear weapons.
The facilities are kept kleen and in order by work departments of the city administration.
The factory then built jeep-like cars for the German military instead.
The facts of each scientific theory have usually been questioned and tested for a very long time by many people.
The fact that he was drunk is one hundred percent fact.
The faculty is organised into academic departments that operate more or less independently of one another.
The faithful were forbidden to read such books.
The Falcon 1 was SpaceX's first launch vehicle.
The false gharial is threatened with extinction throughout most of its range.
The families of flowering plants: descriptions, illustrations, identification, information retrieval.
The family contains seven genera and approximately 86 species.
The family Deinodontidae, with notice of a new genus from the Cretaceous of Alberta.
The family does not know what happened to the town and walks to another factory.
The family has just one genus, Pelodytes.
The family left behind two teenage daughters, Abigail and Katerina Savopoulos.
The family left Saranac Lake and never went back.
The family lived in the area known as the "Coal Docks", an immigrant enclave near the docks in Fort William.sfncheck The family shared a home with six boarders.
The family moved to Britain where his father found work in Bertram Mills circus.
The family of his father Arthur Edler von Mises had been elevated to the Austrian nobility in the 19th century, and was involved in building and financing railroads.
The family returned to Japan after the war in 1945.
The family-run business is searching for its next successor, as the young generation of Huangs are not interested in TCM and have yet to prove themselves capable of running the business.
The family's last name was changed by the Swedish Government to avoid confusion in military records.
The family stage an "accident" that results in Eun-yi falling from a ladder at the top of some stairs.
The family were notoriously arrogant.
The famous partnership was transferred to the men's sons, Matthew Robinson Boulton and James Watt Jr. Longtime firm engineer William Murdoch was soon made a partner and the firm prospered.
The famous river Padma borders Rajshahi division on the south and another famous river, Jamuna, lies across the eastern border.
The famous three properties, reflexivity, symmetry and transitivity, together make the notion of equivalence.
The Fan is a 1981 American slasher fan directed by Edward Bianchi and based on the novel of the same name by Bob Randall.
The farm would prove profitable, and paved the way for Patterson's later venture into a successful wool and hide business in Portland.
The far side of the peninsula was reached on 18 June.
The farther away from this plane a planet orbits, the more inclined is its orbit to the ecliptic.
The fastest minimum spanning tree algorithm to date was developed by Bernard Chazelle.
"The Father of the Poor".
The father said, "Bring the finest clothes!
The FDA regards "juice" as a liquid derived from fruits or vegetables, so the preferred term is "cane sugar".
The Feast of the Mercy of God is continuously growing worldwide.
The feathering around the legs look shaggier and laxer than the Carrion Crow.
The federal government also gives a standard deduction to most people who are paying income taxes.
The federal government owns or controls about thirty percent of the land in the United States.
The Federal Judicial Center is the education and research agency of the United States federal courts.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior is responsible for the security inside Germany, the protection of the constitution, the public service, the organisation of the public administration, the civil defence, information technology and sports.
The federal ministry's main job is ensuring that federation and the states, and all laws, keep within the "
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is an independent agency of the United States government.
The Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry was established in 1973 under the Trade Organisation Ordinance and Companies Act, 1913.
The feeding habits of Therizinosaurus are unknown, since no skull material has ever been found that could indicate its diet.
The feet have a light cinnamon brown color on them.
The Feistel construction is also used in cryptographic algorithms other than block ciphers.
The female equivalent is a dandizette.
The female is 3.0 to 3.6 cm long.
The female is bright reddish-pink or a brownish color.
The female lays about 12 eggs and broods them by herself.
The female megaspores tending to be larger, and fewer in number, than the male microspores.
The female places the eggs in hollow logs, rock cracks, and other places where they are likely protected from drying and high temperatures.
The female potoroos can have two babies in a year, but only carry one at a time.
The females lay egg-sacs, and the males pour sperm onto the sacs.
The females tend to be smaller than the males.
The female version of the word is Infanta.
The feminine form of the "Lam Lai" is "Lam Leima".
The festival also offers other events, such as debates with filmmakers and photography exhibitions.
The festival is free and it is the largest free blues festival in the world.
The festival is put on by Planet Bluegrass.
The FIA does not officially award the Championship until the end of the season.
The fictitious Dino Institute attracts those with a scientific interest in the long-
The "Field Standard B" (FSB) added some basic upgrades to Rapier.
The FIFA video games franchise has versions in 10+ languages.
The fifth perfect number ( ) has 8 digits.
The fifth season aired on every Monday to Thursday nights.
The figures in Hawaiian religion consists of several groups.
The figurines were equally fashionable.
The filling is injected with a large syringe after the pastry is fried.
The film follows Borat in his travels across the United States as he commits cultural solecisms and exposes a few American ones.
The film grossed $63 million in the United States.
The film of bacteria which live on your teeth are an example.
The film performed poorly, earning $3,074,292 in the opening weekend, and a total of $6,640,346 domestically - only 46.3% of the total gross, failing to recoup its $14 million budget.
The film received five nominations at the 57th Filmfare Awards, including Best Film, Best Director for Akhtar and Best Actor for Khan, winning Best Sound Design and Best Action.
The film released on December 25, 2009 and was a critical and commercial success.
"The Films of Jack Lemmon" (Citadel Press, 1977) and "Jack Lemmon: His Films and Career" (Columbus Books, 1986) His work has been seen on Knight-Ridder, Scripps Howard News Service, and the McClatchy wire services.
The film's soundtrack featured a cover version of "Wind Beneath My Wings" sung by Midler.
The film was released in Japan in July 22, 1967 by Toho and United States in June 19, 1968 by Universal Pictures and Rankin/Bass Productions.
The final death toll was 35 men killed and 18 injured.
The final decision will be made in a binding public referendum.
The final discoveries in the chapel itself were two painted roundels with little angel faces in them, one by Masaccio and one by Masolino.
The final episode aired on 12 February 2010.
The final episode of a television series often concludes the entire premise of the show.
The final show included several musical performances.
The final size of the encyclopaedia was smaller than planned.
The final stage is a crime story or he may speak about untrue facts.
The final two contestants work together in a final round identical to the previous ones; however, all money banked at the end of this round is tripled and added to the current money pool, forming the final total for the game.
The fingering system is very similar to the flute and the saxophone, so changing from playing the clarinet to one of these instruments is not too difficult after the student is comfortable playing the clarinet and has reached a certain level.
The Finke River has been called "the oldest river in the world", particularly by tour operators, and in popular books and brochures.
The fire alarm in the United Kingdom sounds either a continuous two tone buzzer or a beep similar to an electronic game beeping in test mode.
The fire closed the Seymour railway line, and parts of the Hume Highway near Kilmore.
The fired glaze makes the surface of the pottery shiny, decorative and water-tight.
The firefighters often slide down a pole to get downstairs to the fire engine, as this is quicker than walking down stairs.
The fire had been in the basement, not the kitchen as it appeared.
The fire killed 10 children, including six children under the age of 12. citation Investigators stated that the fire started in the back of the building in a ground-floor apartment, which was vacant.
The FIre Nation army is able to kill all of the Air Nomads because a comet called "Sozin's Comet" made their bending much more powerful.
The fires in the Maroondah/Yarra area continued to threaten the town of Healesville, Victoria until February 14.
The fires were not put out until April 18. Bodies and parts of bodies were strewn all over town.
The firewall now allocates internet access as needed rather than relying on user input using predefined rules.
The firewall now blocks access to malicious sites using a blacklist updated by Symantec.
The firing went on 14:34 to 14:55 and again from 15:10 to 15:41.
The firmness of a single town, so obscure that except on this occasion it has never been mentioned by any historian or geographer, exposed the disgrace of the emperor and empire.
The first 3 microseconds are used to tell the device "What kind of word is this."
The first Asian doll produced representing Hong Kong in 1981 came from a mold with a rounder face and almond shaped eyes.
The first Austrian staging occurred at Graz in 1854.
The First Battle at Adobe Walls would be the last time the Comanche and Kiowa forced American troops to retreat from battle.
The first bookmaker was Harry Ogden opened in 1790s.
The first book published there was The Little Travel Guide.
The first book was written in 1630 but the second was never finished.
The first-born child follows his or her parent on the throne.
The first bridge there was built in 1898.
The first budget shutdown ended after Congress passed a temporary budget bill, but the government shut down again after Republicans and Democrats were unable to agree on a long-term budget bill.
The first buildings were wooden but these were destroyed in a fire at the end of the first century.
The first burials took place in the cemetery in 1862.
The first cards were made in 1993.
The first CD was Yuzu no Moto.
The first celebration of Juneteenth was in 1866.
The first Chelsea Bridge was called Victoria Bridge.
The first church was built in 1528.
The first collection is called "Bloomin' Bloomers" and is a Victorian style selection of camisoles, mop caps and bloomers.
The first concept needed is called latitude (Lat, or the Greek symbol "phi", ).
The first cones were made of concrete.
The first confirmed people to reach the top were Ryszard Gajewski and Maciej Pawlikowski, in 1979.
The first cyclic changes of sunspots was seen by Heinrich Schwabe, and made Rudolf Wolf study them carefully, starting in 1848.
The first diving suits used a heavy copper diving helmet with windows and a hose from an air pump.
The first documents unequivocally written in the Sumerian language date to the 31st century, found at Jemdet Nasr.
The first edition had six issues (double issues: 2-3 and 5-6), with the last issue appearing on May 7th 1992.
The first edition of Mister International India was held in 2006.
The first edition took place in 1995 and subsequent stagings were held every two years until 2013, after which it became an annual competition.
The first episode came out on 11 August 1997.
The first episode of the series had gained a TRP rating of 2.9.
The first episode was also shown on The-N network.
The first episode was "Death Has a Shadow".
The first episode was shown on 5 March 2001.
The first evidence of a externally powered filatoio comes from the thirteenth century, and the earliest illustration from around 1500.
The first factor is how well the club plays.
The first fan club package that was sent to members had a new edition of Hybrid Theory EP, with a note from the band.
The first feature film was called Fear and Desire and the other was called Killer's Kiss.
The first few chapters show God's laws for offering sacrifices for various reasons, such as for the forgiveness of sins.
The first five levels in the first chapter, "Cranky's First Course", are free to play, while the rest of the chapter and all of the 2nd chapter, "Hunger Pains", are accessible through a one-time in-app purchase.
The first four questions are worth $100, the next four are worth $200, and questions after are worth $400.
The first fourteen partial sums of the alternating harmonic series (black line segments) shown converging to the natural logarithm of 2 (red line).
The first free flight, without being attached to the ground, was a few weeks later, on 21 November 1783. citation It carried Marquis François d'Arlandes and Pilatre de Rozier.
The first game from the Brain Family was released in 1994 by Tiger called Brain Bash.
The first generation TransBus Enviro200 was launched in 2003.
The first group believes in Bottom-Up processing.
The first half of the show showed the crime, the police looking for the suspect, and the suspect being arrested (the "Law" part).
The first ('High Church') is in the minority.
The first in the series was "A" Is for Alibi (1982); the final was "Y" Is for Yesterday (2017).
The first iPod touch was released in 2007.
The first is because the different groups disagree about who should be in charge, or how the country should be run.
The first is Excalibur – the sword of war, and the second Clarent – the sword of peace.
The first is that the land animals and plants were washed into the lakes very gently, or were already in the lakes when they died.
The first is Thermo Detection (formerly Thermedics), which produces the EGIS, a GC-MS-based line of explosives detectors.
The first known usage of the term "Evil Empire" was in one of Reagan's speeches at 1983.
The first known use of the word was in 1981, which makes it relatively new.
The first Laguna arrived in early 1994 to replace the 21, it came as a hatchback at first and then it was joined by an estate/wagon version in late 1995.
The first LCD Monitors used cold cathode fluorescent lamps instead of LEDs to illuminate the screen.
The first league of professional baseball teams began in 1871 and was called the National Association.
The first legs were played on 11 April, and the second legs were played on 18 April 2019.
The first legs were played on 27 and 28 April, and the second legs were played on 4 and 5 May 2021.
The first legs were played on 6 and 7 April, and the second legs were played on 13 and 14 April 2021.
The first level of the scale that uses the word gale is 7 beaufort (of a total of 13 steps).
The first library in Lawrence was built in October 1854.
The first major engagement in Price's Raid occurred at Pilot Knob, where he successfully captured the Union-held Fort Davidson but he needlessly slaughtered many of his men in the process.
The first man-made bridges were probably made from cut wood or stones.
The first maxi-single was released during the 1970s.
The first meeting of the new Constituent Assembly was conducted on 9th of December, 1946.
The first member for Chisholm, Sir Wilfrid Kent Hughes, was one of Australia's most important soldiers, who held the seat until his death on 31 July 1970.
The first mention to Laozi is in the "
The First Minister and the deputy First Minister (
The first modern trees (
The first name for the album before its release was Sheep.
The first navigational sea maps, called "nautical charts", showed the bearings needed to get from one harbor to another.
The first non-Genevans were admitted in 1923, and one Jew has served in the Assembly.
The first officer is second-in-command of the aircraft, to the Captain who is the legal commander.
The first of them was "Sirler Xezinesi".
The first one was in January 1957.
The first one was to be about the apostles being called to follow Jesus.
The first part states that a table resting on the ground will not move unless pushed.
The first paved road in the United States was the former Philadelphia and Lancaster Turnpike (which makes up part of the present-day U.S. Route 30).
The first people to reach the top were Andrzej Heinrich, Jan Stryczynski, Ryszard Szafirski, and Andrzej Zawada, in 1971.
The first people to reach the top were B. Farmer and R. Price, in 1981.
The first people to reach the top were Chris Bonington and Doug Scott, in 1977.
The first people to reach the top were Dirk Naumann, Ralf Lehmann, Volker Wurnig, and Max Wallner in 1994.
The first people who domesticated the animals, did it for food.
The first performance took place in 1899 at the Moscow theater of the Private Opera of S.I. Mamontov.
The first period contain two sub periods.
The first person is the speaker referring to himself or herself.
The first person to the finish wins Reward.
The first petition to incorporate Framingham as a town was submitted to the General Court in 1693, and was denied because Thomas Danforth did not want Framingham to become a town.
The first post office in Admire was created in November 1886.
The first post office in Beattie was created in July 1871.
The first post office in Ford was built in February 1885.
The first post office in Seneca was created in November 1858.
The first recorded ascension of the peak was made on 1864 by Paolo di Saint-Robert.
The first regular flights began in 1924.
The first round witnessed Dimitri Bretting and Dennis Novak the fifth seeds and seventh seeds Luis Patiño and Filip Peliwo exit at the first hurdle.
The first ruler that is mentioned in the history was a semi-legendary Rogvolod (?
The first season is based on the novel of the same name by German crime writer Petra Hammesfahr.
The first section could modulate (change key) and then the second section would gradually modulate back again so that it sounded finished at the end.
The first section is called the inlet.
The first service on the Eastern Front was successful, so more were manufactured.
The first sign of puberty that can be seen on the outside of a girl's body is usually the breasts starting to grow.
The first six dorsal vertebrae had fused together.
The first six episodes of Cooking Fish Creatively were broadcast in black and white, and then, the station began using federal grant for color cameras, because Smith was asked to design a new cooking show, he called it The Frugal Gourmet.
The first skating club was created in Scotland in 1742.
The first Soyuz flight had no people aboard.
The first step is predicting (trying to say what you think will happen).
The first successful pistol being used then was the Borchardt C-93.
The first team played in the Regionalliga West, the second team in Tyrols highest class.
The first team to reach 300 points goes on to play Big Money.
The first team to reach its own ranch house with the duck was the winner.
The first team to reach the finish with all three members and all three bags wins the first Reward.
The first thing I heard about it was when the newspaper reporters in the hall asked me that question."
The first time it appeared in sources in 1253 as Hermanstorph.
The first time was in the Reichskrieg's War of 1311.
The first time was when Edith accidentally hit Majeskie's car near the local supermarket with a can of cling peaches in heavy syrup.
The first to hear and decode three messages enciphered would win.
The first tribe to catch five balls wins the Reward.
The first two items will be a bag of rice and a bag of beans.
The first two seasons were acclaimed and considered better than the 2003 movie.
The first two show the wide area, the three other show the postal district.
The first two statements are called "premises".
The first two were released outside of The Orange Box, but the other three first appeared in it.
The first type of languages are often called "simplified" or "technical" languages.
The first unit was delivered to West Ruislip depot citation on 27 September 1967, and the fleet was bought to run the Victoria Line.
The first use of the comb was about 5,000 years ago.
The first version of Twitter was only for Odeo employees to use.
The first version was just called "Dungeons & Dragons."
The first, "Vow", was the band's first single.
The first was All entities move and nothing remains still.
The first was published in 1790.
The first wave flooded the carriages and caused panic among the passengers.
The first, whose name and sex are not known, was born on 8 December 1837.
The first Wi-Fi standard was made in 1997.
The first woman to reach the summit was Polish climber Wanda Rutkiewicz in 1986.
The first World Championships were organized in 1925.
The first written reference of the lion as a symbol of the King and, therefore, of the kingdom, is in the Chronica Adefonsi Imperatoris.
The Fisherman has a traditional design that has not changed much over time.
The Fisherman's Hall in the village was also built by the family for fishermen to mend their nets.
The fishing lure was invented in 1890 by a man named James Heddon.
The five categories best picture, best director, best actor, best actress and best Original Screenplay are the most important categories and they are called the Big Five.
"The Five Points".
The Five Races of Man, an illustration from 1911.
The flag flies outside the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh.
The flag of Poland is a rectangular, divided into two stripes: white above red.
The flag with the star has been seen by Ethiopian Nationalists as oppressive and controversial because it was created by the EPRDF Ruling Collation that was the main architect of ethnic federalism in Ethiopia.
The Flames and the Lightning battled hard in the Stanley Cup Finals, eventually pushing the series to seven games.
The flat nose on a pistol bullet can be as wide as the bullet.
The fleet that Zheng He commanded had 317 ships that were very large.
The flight, carried on a Boeing 727-86, was making a flight from Mashad Airport to Tehran-Mehrabad Airport in Iran.
The flight delivered a module to the space station, called Columbus.
The flip hairstyle was a popular way for Barbie's hair to be styled in the 70's.
The flood had caused some shopping mall and underground car parks to be under the water.
The floods caused a lot of damage.
The flood that this causes can carry blocks of ice and sediment similar to the glacier-calf activity described above.
The Flood want to use every living thing in the galaxy for food.
The Floppotron makes MIDI music files into commands that tell each device when to buzz, click, or be silent.
The flower of the rose plant can be different sizes.
The flowers can be either hermaphrodite or of separate sexes.
The fluids may be separated to avoid direct contact or mixing.
The focal point of the emblem is the fire symbol.
The focus is on three different points of life: past (from age thirteen to one year before current age), present (within the last twelve months), and ideal (what someone wants if they have complete choice).
The followers want to do this in such a way that religious terms are not used, and that there are no references to scripture.
The following are the responsibilities of the Secretary of State.
The following decade saw much wrangling over a proposed referendum on the future of the territory but the deadlock was not broken.
The following distributions either use another packaging system, do not use any, or are simply not categorized.
The following example makes a program window pop up that says "
The following examples illustrate how contour integrals can be calculated using the residue theorem.
The following is a list of Atlantic hurricane seasons.
The following is a list of Blu-ray, DVDs releases for The Powerpuff Girls and 2016 series.
The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in 2020.
The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in September 2019.
The following is a list of European stadiums which are currently under construction and will have a capacity of 25,000 or more.
The following is a list of important footballers who have played for Millwall.
The following is a list of notable deaths in April 2016.
The following is a list of notable deaths in June 2014.
The following is a list of notable deaths in the year 2015.
The following is a list of places in Malaysia.
The following is a list of the main shows Everett presented.
The following is a table of the provinces and their capital cities.
The following month, Boy Story released the song "For U" on November 22, 2018.
The following officials hold positions that are considered to be Cabinet-level positions.
The following table is a list of rivers of Hokkaidō by length.
The following were written during his residence in England and in Italy, as was The Rise of Silas Lapham in 1885.
The following year Elizabeth ordered that Dublin Castle be improved so the lord lieutenant could live there.
The following year, Geoffrey gave Ambrieres, Gorron, and Chatilon-sur-Colmont to Juhel de Mayenne, on condition that he help obtain the inheritance of Geoffrey's wife.
The food hence preserved stays healthy and fresh for days avoiding bacterial decay.
The football club was founded in 1898.
The force needed to make or break a connection is small.
The force of raindrops on some rocks make them wear down.
The forces act in opposite directions.
The Ford Model T changed America.
The forest is around Mount Cole, which formed 390 million years ago.
The formal discipline of Earth sciences may include the study of the atmosphere, oceans and biosphere, as well as the solid earth.
The formation has many evaporites –
The format resists the usual pushes from the surrounding earth, and so needs fewer repairs than straight walls do.
The former administrator of the US Small Business Association, Steve Preston, was nominated to the Position of Secretary of HUD by President Bush on April 18, 2008.
; the former album was a response to the Attica Prison riots.
The former band members were David Hungate, Fergie Frederiksen, Mike Porcaro, Jeff Porcaro, Simon Phillips, Greg Phillinganes, Jean-Michel Byron, Bobby Kimball, and Keith Carlock.
The former Chairman of UNH was Stephen Reno.
The former municipalities of Lohtaja, Kälviä and Ullava were merged with Kokkola in 2009.
The former municipalities of Sumiainen and Suolahti were merged with Äänekoski in 2007.
The former municipality of Längelmäki was partly merged with Jämsä in 2007.
The former name of the airport was Seawell Airport.
The formula for the perimeter of a rectangle.
The fortified town (
The fossil of P. newmani was found by Mike Newman.
The fossils within the shale show a remarkable clarity and preservation due to the unique depositional characteristics of the lake.
The fostered citizens are guided and trained to become professional in technical matters such as baristas, cafe servants and also capster (hair stylists).
The foundation of the section has been consisted of dozens of works purchased from Armenian painters’ exhibition organized in August 1921.
The foundation stone of the new church was laid on 11 April 1954 by Archbishop Eris O'Brien and the church was opened on 29 April 1956, by Archbishop Guilford Young.
The founder of modern Egypt: a study of Muhammad ‘Ali.
The founders were classmates David Jones, Russell Kay, Steve Hammond, and Mike Dailly.
The founding designers were John Plunkett and Barbara Kuhr (Plunkett+Kuhr), starting with a 1991 verson and keeing up through the first five years of their magazine, 1993–98.
The four color theorem is the first big mathematical problem that was proved with the help of a computer.
The four letters (nun, gimel, hey, and shin) stand for the Hebrew phrase, "Nes gadol haya shaam," meaning, "A great miracle happened there."
The four novels became part of the series.
The four rabbits barely run away after playing a trick on an Efrafan Captain.
The four teams in each group played each other once in the group stage.
The Fourth Division, called Regionalliga is split into a northern, a southern and a western part.
The fourth man, 25, was given a term of 15 years.
The fourth movie he produced, They Shoot Horses, Don't They?
The fourth pair of legs is smaller with tweezer-like chelae at the end: young coconut crabs use it to grip the inside of a shell or coconut husk to carry for protection, adults use this pair for walking and climbing.
The fourth season started August 14, 2013, and concluded on October 23, 2013, with a total of 11 episodes including a Christmas special that aired on December 11, 2013.
The fourth was killed by police gunfire just before his vest detonated.
The four torpedo planes which attacked Yorktown all missed.
The four-year spread of bubble tea across the UK.
The fragile makeup of ctenophores makes research into their way of life extremely difficult.
The French administrator of Morocco, General Hubert Lyautey, Morocco: The Islamist Awakening and Other Challenges 2005, Marvine Howe decided to move the country's capital from Fez to Rabat.
The French and Spanish had lost 22 ships, the British lost none.
The French call basil "herbe royale".
The French called this war the War of the Insane.
The French commanders of the 7th Army had expected that Dutch fighting would give them four days to build up a defensive line near Breda.
The French Expeditionary Force got into the Aurunci Mountains.
The French federation was founded in 1933.
The French flageolet had four holes in the front and two in the back.
The French flanks pushed hard against the Prussian flanks, and the French center attacked the Prussian center.
The French word bourgeois comes from the Old French word burgeis, meaning "an inhabitant of a town".
The Fresquel passes through 1 region (
The friends then start making a human pyramid, but fail.
The frog hides in plants near the water.
The frogs are all excellent swimmers and have powerful, fully webbed toes, though the fingers lack webbing.
The front and back sides of the frame had pearls, beads or other decoration on them.
The front of a boat is called the bow, while the rear of a boat is called the stern.
The front wall is 6.1 meters (20 feet) square, and the side walls are 12.2 meters (40 feet) long and 6.1 meters (20 feet) high.
The frosted windows show the location of the toilets.
The fruit include 1 to 3 white seeds which is 0.5-1.2 cm in diameter.
The fruit is a capsule and the seeds are black, ovoid and often wrinkled.
The fruit of the Black Mulberry, native to southwest Asia, and the Red Mulberry, native to eastern North America, have the strongest flavor.
The Fuji circuit is featured prominently in the Japanese television drama Engine as the main setting for the racing scenes.
The full account of the circumstances of the discovery is told in the standard catalogue.
The full name of Imam Muslim is Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj (815 – 875).
The full title is Re: Colonised Planet 5, Shikasta.
The full version is planned to come out for August 2016.
The function of these flanges was to protect the flattened canine teeth.
The fundamental elements of this system evolved during the course of centuries.
The funding of BR was reduced so they created the cheaper Pacer trains.
The Fuse Awards are an enclosure to the Fuse Fangoria Chainsaw Awards.
The future came quickly.
The future lies in the hands of the new generation.
The G8 is not an international organization.
The game also introduces a new location, the kingdom of Khura'in (which is not real).
The game and jargon of poker have become important parts of American culture and English culture.
The Game Boy Advance SP has a rechargeable battery, and it does not run on two AA batteries.
The game eventually got a sequel Sonic Rush Adventure, which was released in 2007.
The game features levels that come from a past game in the Sonic the Hedgehog series.
The game got a 69/100 from Metacritic, citation and a 7.4/10 from IGN.
The game got very average reviews.
The game has gameplay changes from the original Pac-Man.
The game has only just one zero, It has the biggest payout of any form of roulette should you bet and land on one number: 35:1.
The game involves a lot of strategy, while still being fairly easy to learn.
The game involves the use of a time travel system that allows Sonic to travel to both the past and the future in a level.
The game is didactic—it is both entertaining and instructive.
The game is made up of separate missions.
The game is THQ's "first original property created specifically for girls".
The game keeps track of points by putting them on a graph, as well as making a bigger crowd in Tennis and Boxing single-player modes.
The game later added four more campaigns, or separate stories and/or game modes within the game, which are Plague of Shadows, Specter of Torment, King of Cards, and Shovel Knight: Showdown.
The game lets the player turn into Cat Mario by picking up a Super Bell.
The gameplay focuses on puzzle solving, platform jumping, and shooting enemies.
The gameplay in "Cranky's Story" is basically the same as the main game, in that players must route a fluid to an inlet goal.
The gameplay of Donkey Kong 64 is about getting different types of items.
The gamer can put the islanders through tasks and games.
The game reached a new level in fame for the after game interview.
The game revolves around an artifact known as the Tablet of Order and Chaos.
The game's creator is Haim Shafir.
The games has been played in many countries, but the rules are made up by the players, and there are many variations.
The games left a lasting impression on the host city and gave it a new identity from a cowtown to a large commercial sector of the country.
The game's plot is set in the fantasy world of LOVERADIANT, where the evil witch Carmilla and her five henchmen has taken over the castle of the King, bringing the whole land into darkness.
The games use the motion sensing Wii Remote to control on-screen movements.
The game uses many old features from the older Mario games.
The game was a mallet-and-ball game played in the early 17th century.
The game was announced in 2012.
The game was a very popular game when it was released.
The game was called "Mario Kart X" internally for a while, before deciding on "Mario Kart Wii".
The game was critically acclaimed.
The game was released globally on March 2, 2016.
The game was released in the North America, Australia, and Europe in November 2005, and in Japan in December 2005, citation and in South Korea in which it is the very first Wi-Fi Connection game launched in April 2007.
The game was released on 27th January 2015.
The game was released on September 14, 2004 in North America and an extended version of the game called Fable: The Lost Chapters, was released for Xbox and Microsoft Windows in September 2005.
The game was then re-released in Japan on the PlayStation 2 on November 2, 2005.
The game will involve a setting of Luigi's dreams, where Luigi falls asleep at certain points in the story and opens a portal leading to his dreams.
The gang was named after its leader, Jules Bonnot.
The gap between both drivers was only 14 thousand of a second.
The garage was destroyed in 2008.
The Garden of Allah is a 1936 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Richard Boleslawski and is the third version of the 1904 novel of the same name by Robert S. Hichens.
The gardens were very fashionable until the 19th century.
The gas is then burned in special ovens called Cowper stoves or hot blast stoves into carbon dioxide.
The gate itself is an important historical and cultural place protected by China's national government.
The Gault Millau described him as "the very incarnation of the great French chef for foreigners".
The Gazette is being digitising and records between the years 1752–1998 are online.
The GCI is a private international research institution dedicated to advancing conservation practice through the creation and delivery of knowledge.
The gearbox provided three forward and reverse gears in either high or low range.
The Gemini spacecraft did not dock with another spacecraft with people in it.
The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.
The general shape of the island grouping looks like the body of a dragon with its head erect.
The general's visit this week-end went well until we snafued it.
The genesis of animal play: testing the limits.
The genetic code decides the protein sequence for a given coding region (
The Genoans are permanently weakened by the conflict.
The genus Gansus contains a single species, G. yumenensis, Hou, L. & Liu, Z. (1984): A new fossil bird from Lower Cretaceous of Gansu and early evolution of birds.
The genus has been used under many different spelling variants, although only one, Poekilopleuron, is valid.
‭ ‬The genus is dubious (doubtful) because it is almost impossible to assign further fossil material to it.
The genus is quite typical of most octopods.
The genus Persoonia is a variety of small Australian trees and shrubs and was named after him.
The genus was first named and described by Jacques-Amand Eudes-Deslongchamps in a report published in 1836, citation citation based on holotype material that is now destroyed.
The geocacher has to find out answers for the questions in a listing, take a photo here, and send it to the owner of the cache.
The Geographical Names Act, 1966, gives the Board the right to name places, and to find out and decide on the form, spelling, meaning, pronunciation, origin and history of any geographical name.
The geography of Colombia has six main natural regions.
"The Geography of Japan" in Transactions of the Asiatic Society of Japan, Vols.
The German athletes took part in the Olympic Games in a single team again from 1992 forward.
The Germanic peoples are those who speak Germanic languages like English, German, Norwegian and Dutch.
The Germans ended up using a weapon they could not afford.
The Germans thought that destroying the port might slow the advance of the British Eighth Army.
The German Working Community wanted to bring together all the different anti-Semitic groups in Germany.
The Getty Grant Program supports art digitization project.
The ghost stays on Earth trying to fix the problem.
The giants, Fasolt and Fafner, enter.
The Gibbs free energy number is how far away the current system is from this state.
The gift included convert of land near it to be used as a park (now known as MacLennan Park).
The gift is the largest to Hopkins in support of business education and is now called the Carey Business School.
The Gippsland Lakes were formed by two main actions.
The girl meets a grandly-dressed lady (the fairy) who asks for a drink of water.
The girls and families Caroline helped came from different backgrounds and held different religious beliefs.
The GI was founded in 1951.
The G'Kek are described in the 1995 novel Brightness Reef.
The glands deposit sebum on each hair, and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft.
The glass user interface, Aero, has been improved with features such as Aero Shake, Aero Snap, and Aero Peek.
The Glengoyne distillery is also situated just outside the village.
The glossopharyngeal nerve (CN IX) is a mixed nerve that carries a wide range of sensory and motor information.
The glue breaks apart when the bullet hits the target.
The goal in Zen is to attain satori.
The goal is to improve intercultural relations, cultural diplomacy, and intercultural competence between people from the United States and other countries by exchanging of people, knowledge, and skills.
The goal is to manifest this Divinity within by controlling nature, external and internal.
The goal is to prevent disease from spreading from the dead to the living.
The goal of an ethnic cleansing is to remove one ethnic group from a certain geographical area.
The goal of interior design is to create an environment for living that is functional, efficient and aesthetically pleasing for the occupants.
The goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to get rid of stuttering but to change it so that stuttering is easier and less stressful.
The goal of the method is to minimize the difference between the observed responses and the responses predicted by the linear approximation of the data.
The goal of these interventions was to oppose an individualistic understanding of cultural work.
The goal was to draw German reserves away from the main attacks to come.
The Gobi is a high plateau with daily and seasonal extremes of temperature.
The Goddess of Ganymede, Stalking the Unicorn and Kirinyaga.
The Gods and Symbols of Ancient Mexico and the Maya: An Illustrated Dictionary of Mesoamerican Religion.
The Gods of the Egyptians Volume 1 of 2. New York: Dover Publications, 1969 (original in 1904).
The Goodman gold mine is the site that later became Lake Anna.
The good thing is, even if you do not outgrow it symptoms usually lessen the older you are.
The Gorge is about convert long.
The Gorgonopsids meaning "Gorgon arch,"
The got inside, killed two watchmen, and took over the castle.
The Government accepted his demands later, and he ended his fast.
The government bought factories that were not being used, and spent money making them new again.
The government has set up industry-specific free zones throughout the city.
The government has worked to control information about the virus, and experts suspect that it may be spreading in the country unreported.
The government voted that Queen Emma would be Regent, and she took the oath to rule for her husband on 20 November in The Hague.
The Government wanted the army to resist at the Grebbe Line and Peel Raam Position, and then fall back to the Fortress Holland.
The Governor fights Rick and is killed by Michonne, but the prison is taken over by walkers and Rick's group is divided.
The Governor-General of Australia is a powerful person in the country.
The Governor of New South Wales used Government House as a home, office and official reception space until 1996.
The governor's responsibilities include making yearly "State of the State" addresses to the South Carolina General Assembly, submitting an executive budget and ensuring that state laws are enforced.
The Governors then formally submit the amendment to their State legislatures or the state calls for a convention, depending on what Congress has specified.
The Gram Panchayat acts as the cabinet of the village.
The grandchild does not like the wall clock and calls it "that vain, stuck-up thing on the wall".
The Grandfather-father-son system means that we keep different types of backup for different amounts of time.
The Grange was fairly active in politics.
The graph formed by the vertices and edges of the demipenteract is sometimes called the Clebsch graph, though that name sometimes refers to the folded cube graph of order five instead.
The graph of the complex number a+bi and it's conjugate a-bi.
The graph was thought to show that temperatures between 1000 and 1900 were very different.
The grave only had nine bodies instead of 11. DNA and studies on their skeletons showed that they were the bodies of Tsar Nicholas II, his wife, and three of the Grand Duchesses (Olga, Tatiana, and Maria).
The grease and chemicals that are poured into it undergo all sorts of strange transformations, which are the cause of its name; it is constantly in motion, as if huge fish were feeding in it, or great leviathans disporting themselves in its depths.
The great amount of these goods are basically imported from Libya and deemed less expensive.
The Great Bath is part of a large citadel complex that was found in the 1920s during excavations of Mohenjo-daro, one of the main centres of the Indus civilization.
The Great Central Fair was a fair that happened in June 1864.
The great choruses, where the choir sings, praise the Lord in the wonderful music.
The Great Depression was really bad, but with everyone's help, it would get better.
The Greater Discourse on the Elephant-Footprint Simile.
The greater part of the Acanthaceae family are herbs or shrubs, but climbers (vines) and trees occur as well.
The greater portion of the city, comprising about 70%, is dominated by the Mandaue Clay Loam soil series.
"The greatest crime in Auschwitz was to be pregnant.
The greatest example so far was in 1890, when five states were admitted within the span of a single year (
The greatest monumental sculpture in the ancient world, its body is 200 feet (60m) long and 65 feet (20m) tall.
The great Saint Brugu Maharshi have built a Sri Varadaraja Swamy temple in Uttanur or Uthanur.
The great seal of the school was designed by Paul Revere.
The Great Slave Lake remains from a large post-
The great tit is 12.5-14.0 centimetres long and weighs 16-21 grams.
The great white pelican (Pelecanus onocrotalus) is also known as the Eastern white pelican, white pelican, or old world white pelican.
The Greeks and the Cosmos.
The green seed pods may be used as a natural soap, by crushing them and using the pods with water to wash with.
The gregarious adult is brownish with yellow, the latter colour becoming more intense and extensive on maturation.
The grizzly became a symbol of the Bear Flag Republic.
The groom will attend a "bachelor party" with his groomsmen.
The ground atennas can be pointed permanently at a fixed position in the sky.
The ground was renovated in 2014 which increased the number of seats by 6000.
The group all wanted to write music in a Russian style, rather than imitating European composers.
The group also publishes a magazine.
The group broke up in 1989.
The group contains about 2,300 species.
The groupd ended in 1992.
The group does not contain all of its descendants.
The group finished its final version of the Constitution on September 17, 1787.
The group has also five other albums.
The group includes Professor Porter, his daughter Jane and their hunter guide Clayton.
The group is present in many substances.
The group of these persons was called Mongoloid race.
The group originally consisted of five members; Ashley (애슐리), Sojung (소정), Eunb (은비), Rise (리세), and Zuny (주니).
The group said that that video was the most important video they have ever made.
The groups are based on a family, a group of families, or females 'owned' by a dominant male, together with offspring.
The group stopped promoting the song at the end of March 2009.
The group then trains Juan into becoming the next Tagabantay.
The group was formally consolidated in 2005.
The group was made to bring together different artists, comic book and cartoon creators together to help with each other’s projects.
The group was started by several important architects, including Philip Hardwick, Thomas Allom, William Donthorne, Thomas Leverton Donaldson, John Buonarotti Papworth and Thomas de Grey, 2nd Earl de Grey.
The group were together from 1965 to 1995, when Jerry Garcia, the group's lead guitarist and singer, who was seen by many people as the group's leader, died.
The growth and development of the Ediacara biota is also important.
The growth of the Staffordshire ceramic industry, in Freestone, Ian & Gaimster, David R.M. eds Pottery in the making: world ceramic traditions.
The growth rate recovered in 1999, rising to 6% before slipping slightly in 2001 to 5.5%.
The Grumman G-21 Goose is an amphibious aircraft, which means it can land and take off on water.
The guardian of the prisoner is Bénigne Dauvergne de Saint-Mars.
The Guardian put Pure Heroine at number thirteen on their list of the best albums of 2013. citation Rolling Stone put the album seventh in their list of the 50 best albums of 2013.
The guests have all got money in the company.
The guitar is widely played in the folk and popular music of many countries.
The Gunning Fog, sometimes called the Fog index, is a formula developed by Robert Gunning.
The gunpowder burns very fast.
The Gunpowder Plot was commemorated for years after the plot by special sermons and other public acts, such as the ringing of church bells.
The gustatory cortex is responsible for the perception of taste.
The habitat of Arctic wolves is very hostile.
The Habsburgs were defeated at Calven Gorge and Dornach, helping the Swiss confederation and the allied leagues of the canton of Grisons to be recognized.
The haem group does the redox reactions.
The Hajibeyov Azerbaijan State Symphony Orchestra (
The Halifax has branches all over the United Kingdom and also has 44 in Ireland (although these are to close).
The hall was named after the restaurant.
The Hamza Brigade fought for Gaddafi against the Rebels from 24 February to 12 March.
The happy marriage produced six children.
The Happy Years is a 1950 American romantic comedy movie directed by William A. Wellman and is based on the novel The Varmint by Owen Johnson.
The harbour of Langeoog is quite big.
The harmonic minor scale as a whole is sometimes called Nahawand-Hijaz citation in Arabic, or as Bûselik Hicaz citation in Turkish.
The harmony of black and white indicates a well-rounded and rational intelligence and a dignified character.
The Harpers Ferry Armory did not begin producing the muskets until 1798 at the earliest and more probably started around 1800.
The Harz National Park is part of this district.
The hashtag has been used in at least 85 countries.
The Havdalah blessings are spoken over a cup of wine.
The Hayabusa mission was the first time that an attempt was made to bring an asteroid dust sample to earth for analysis.
The HDI-Arena was built from 1952 to 1954 and called "Niedersachsenstadion" (stadium of lower Saxony) and later "AWD-Arena".
The head coach of the Fighting Irish, Knute Rockne, played an important role in the design of the stadium.
The header contains data about the data and other helpful data.
The headmaster is John Franklin BA MEd Admin.
The head of a full-grown Sinoceratops was probably about convert long.
The head of state is the figurehead of a state, who represents the unity of the state.
The head of the ELCC is a presiding bishop, who is called the "National Bishop.
The head of the family was called Count Stroganov and his wife Countess Stroganova.
The head of the Senate, known as the President, sits at the head of the table.
The head of the Svalbard police force has to solve the mystery.
The headquarters of MediaCorp is at Caldecott Broadcast Hill.
The headquarters of the taluk is Papanasam.
The headquarters of Turner's properties are located in both the CNN Center in Downtown Atlanta, and the Turner Broadcasting campus off Techwood Drive in Midtown Atlanta, which also houses Turner Studios.
The headquarters was in Stamford, Connecticut until April 2014.
The Health Center is open daily except on Thursdays.
The Heartbreakers reformed in 1979 for a few goodbye shows at Max's Kansas City with drummer Ty Stix replacing Nolan.
The heart of a fish is a simple muscular structure that is located between the posterior gill arches.
The heart of Hounslow is the Treaty Centre, a two-floor shopping paradise with over 10 shops including a Debenhams.
The heart of the community was Holy Rosary Church, a chapel built at 3rd and F Streets NW.
The heat from this fusion reaction tends to inflate the protostar, and thereby helps determine the size of the youngest observed pre-main-sequence stars.
The heavier elements were produced by stars that died before the Sun was formed.
The Hebrides are two archipelagos off the west coast of Scotland.
The height of the root is the height of the tree.
The helmets are so strong that they can be driven over by trucks with no damage being done to them.
The herdsman killed Sigeberht in revenge for killing Cumbra.
The hero who speaks these words in Dryden's The Conquest of Granada, is a Spanish Muslim, who, at the end of the play, is revealed to be the son of a Christian prince.
The hexes of these editions cannot be rearranged.
The hidden immunity idol can only be used up until and including the Tribal Council of the final four or five players, depending on the season.
The High Bailiff and the Deputy High Bailiff are ex officio Judicial Officers, and other Judicial Officers (full-time or part-time) may be appointed.
The higher-seeded team is awarded home ice advantage.
The higher the Bacon number, the farther away from Kevin Bacon the actor is.
The higher the note, the faster the string vibrates.
The higher the number, the bigger the earthquake.
The highest attendance for a football game at the stadium was on 6 February 2016 when 54,693 fans watched Manchester City play Leicester City.
; the highest mountain of the province is Monte Grappa coord) that is convert high and is on the border with the Belluno and Vicenza provinces.
The highest one is the "Top of the Rock"
The highest peaks of Himachal are in Zanskar range.
; the highest peaks of the Caribbean are found here.
The highest point in Jerzmanice is Goleń Hill.
The highest point is the peak of the Grossglockner, Austria's highest mountain at convert.
The highest point of historical part of Vladivostok is Eagle's Nest Hill (199 m), but the highest point of Vladivostok City District is unnamed mountain named by citizens as Blue Hill (474 m).
The highest point of the province is Cima Valdritta, that is convert high.
The highest score that can be made by throwing three darts in one round is 180. This is where all three darts hit the triple 20.
The highest was a 141 made by Stephen Hendry.
The High Priest of Dagon uses Delilah to destroy Samson.
The high salinity would support little life, so the pterosaurs would have fed in some other area.
The High Speed services via Chatham terminated at Ramsgate, with a shuttle bus service running between Ramsgate and Dover Priory via Sandwich.
The highway is the Manitoba part of the Red Coat Trail.
The hill of the Old City, however, was not inhabited until 1000 BC.
The hills are average of 1,500–2,000 m (4,900–6,600 feet) tall.
The Hill Times, November 8, 2004.
The hilly Akuapim-Togo ranges are found along the country's eastern border.
The Hindu scriptures also say that Shiva took twelve forms as Jyotirlinga, that is, a linga of light.
The Hindu scriptures tell a story about this avatar.
The hind wings are totally soft and are shorter than the front wings.
The hind wings would also have helped control the gliding flight.
The H + ion is taken from the acid by the base.
The hippopotamus is one of the fiercest animals in the world.
The histo call this revolt as the Conspiracy of the Pintos.
The historian reasoned that a nine or ten-year-old child (as given by the 1880 birth date) would have been too young to be allowed to greet such a delegation, while an adolescent of 14 or 15 (as given by the 1876 date) would likely have been allowed.
The historical novel.
The historic sites in the area bring tourists.
The History of Early Relations between China and Tibet: From Chiu t'ang-shu, a documentary survey, pp. 7 9. Eastern Press, Bloomington, IN.
The History of Painting in Canada: Toward A People's Art Toronto, New Canada Publications, 1974.
The history of psychological testing.
The history of Tamil Nadu goes back to the early stone age.
The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire.
The history of the Middle-earth world is thousands of years long.
The History Press is a subsidiary publishing house that is owned by Arcadia.
The hit single, "Pon de Replay" was first made public in the mainstream media on March 17, 2005 by publicist, Jonathan Hay through co-producer Vada Nobles on MTV News.
The hitter, using his "danda" then hits the "gilli".
The hoatzin is also notable for having young with claws on two of their wing digits.
The Hohenasperg fortress is in Asperg.
The hold may lead to a submission from the opponent.
The holes held up to 80 standing stones (shown blue on the plan), only 43 of which can be traced today.
The holes were two meters deep.
The holotype specimen, consisting of a partial skull and jaw, twelve back vertebrae, two tail vertebrae, two chevrons, a pelvis, two partial hindlimbs annd five fragmentary ribs, was discovered on a ravine at the edge of a pond in rural Agudo in 2007.
The Holy Roman Emperor was not as strong as they had been, and in 1806 the Empire ceased to exist.
The Holy See has the requirements defined by the UN statute to be a member state and, if in the future it wished to be so, this resolution would not impede it from requesting it."
The home that Satsuki and Mei live in is more spacious than what would be available in a city.
The home was built close to the slaughterhouses, holding pens and tanneries just east of the freshwater Collect Pond.
The hood raised by itself as well when a different button was pushed.
The horizontal bar appears to progress from light grey to dark grey, but is in fact just one colour.
The hornpipe and jig have separate outfits too.
The horse is not changed with each chukker (chukka) as in western style polo, but each player carries on with the same sturdy pony.
The horse's head turns one way, and the body and face of Colleoni turns the other way.
The hospital closed and the building became apartments.
The hot gases move fast as they leave the back of the rocket.
The hot spot works its way through the crust until it breaks through.
The house measures 55 feet wide.
The HRC works to ensure that the rights of these individuals are protected and respected throughout the United States.
The huge currents involved can heat materials, and especially water to high temperatures.
The Hull winds around the range from the south and then runs along its northeastern side.
The human body does not need caesium.
The human cerebral cortex is 2–4 mm (0.08–0.16 inches) thick.
The human population had increased to fill all the available land.
The Humboldt penguin (Spheniscus humboldti) has a plain white belly.
The Hungarian government decided to build a new circuit (track) just outside the city citation near a major highway.
The Hungarian people grew more and more tired of communist rule.
The Hunterian Museum at the University of Glasgow has a permanent exhibition on the work of Lord Kelvin.
The Huracán is the most recent car by Lamborghini.
The hurricane damaged about 100 miles (165 km) of roads.
The hurricane is a Category 3 when it hits.
The hurricane season officially started on June 1, and officially ended on November 30.
The hybrid virus was able to infect human cells.
The hydrate (type with water molecules attached) can dissolve in water.
The hydrogen and helium in Mercury's atmosphere are believed to come from the solar wind.
The ICC Cricket World Cup is an international cricket competition.
The ICUN has always argued that needs of local communities, people and nations have to be the main part of a conservation plan.
The idakka is slung over the left shoulder and the right side of the instrument is gently beaten with a thin curve-ended stick.
The idea behind Inception was first developed over nine years before it was released.
The idea brokers: think tanks and the rise of the new policy eilte.
The idea is also that family and friends are bound together and everyone must work together and not forget each other.
The idea is to run regional trains on lines constructed for "express trains", instead of the "classic lines".
The idea of a canteen comes from ancient times when water and wine were carried in bags made from animal skins.
The idea of a "secret" on the show was very broad.
The idea of hidden dimensionality of space can seem occult.
The idea of introversion and extraversion has been used in many personality tests and is an important factor.
The idea of six degrees of separation comes from Milgram's 1967 small-world experiment.
The ideas of teaching machines and programmed learning provided the basis for later ideas such as open learning and computer-assisted instruction.
The idea that most of the DNA is "junk DNA" is definitely wrong.
The idea was discussed first in 1917 and again 70 years later by Robert Bakker.
The idea was that the two could not be measured at the same time, and that as soon as one was measured a change would occur and you would not get the same answer for the other one that you would have gotten if you had measured it first.
The idée fixe returns in the middle of the movement.
The id wants the needs to be taken care of right away and not have to wait.
The III Seebatallion at the imperial navy’s east Asian station at Tsingtao was the only all-German unit with permanent status in a protectorate/colony.
The illustration below demonstrates the computation of 5.5/2.
The image combined 10 years of images.
The image required many photos from different locations.
The image won the 1960 World Press Photo award.
The Impact of Buddhism on Chinese Material Culture.
"The impact was strong – not simply because few had heard of her, but because she lives and works as a migrant worker and writes poetry so startlingly beautiful, vulnerable, and powerful, that nearly each poem stops one’s breath mid-line."
The imperial gallon is bigger than each of these.
The Imperial Russian Ministry of the Interior ordered a search, which involved 15 vessels and lasted until October 16, 1893.
The Imperial soldiers defended their positions tenaciously.
The imperial system has no dry pint and volume in dry units, since solid objects are measured by mass.
The important thing is the crunchy texture of the radishes.
The IMT only held one trial before disagreements between the four wartime allies stopped the series of trials that were planned.
The incident happened in spite of Mexico's neutrality at that time.
The incident happened on a JR Joban Line train at Minamisenju Station.
The increasing anger of the population showed up in the Duma, which was dominated by representatives of the middle class and the aristocracy.
The Indian government and the Sri Lankan government signed an agreement, but Prabhakaran did not like it because it did not create a separate Tamil country.
The Indian people present there did not do anything in respect of the governor.
The India-Pakistan War of 1947-48 is also known as the First Kashmir War.
The individual cards are stamped out by a machine which acts like a cookie-cutter.
The Indonesian Hindu texts present the same philosophical diversity of Shaivism traditions found on the subcontinent.
The industrialisation started at the beginning of the century and made more people live there.
The influence will be bigger between people in a group than between two people, for example.
The information about who the subjects were, and which group they belonged to, is kept by a third party until the study is over.
The information is about how satisfactory the action is.
The inhabitants of the village expressed their admiration for the memory of the poet with a sculpture erected in the Millenium Park.
The inhabitants of this city are known as tagbilaranons.
The inhabitants speak the Kapingamarangi language, a Polynesian dialect.
The initial fee is around €55 million (£47 million), citation and up to €25 million (£21 million) in add-ons.
The injuries Bulgakov received in the First World War continued to cause him a lot of pain.
The ink stone is used to rub the solid ink stick into liquid ink.
The inner yellow circle is yellow marrow.
The Inquisition tried to force people to keep those ideas.
The insect-plant relationship an evolutionary perpective.
The insect world of J. Henri Fabre.
The inside of the museum was also repaired and made more modern.
The institute was established in the middle of the 19th century.
The instrument is quite heavy.
The integers are a closure of the natural numbers by including negative numbers.
The Intellivision Master Component is the console unit itself.
The intention of yogasana is to exercise the body and make it free of pains and problems.
The interactive development of social smiling.
The Interim Biogeographic Regionalisation for Australia (IBRA) is a biogeographic regionalisation of Australia developed by the Australian Government's Department of Sustainability, Environment, Water, Population and Communities.
The International Airport of Bogotá is called El Dorado International Airport, because the legend was born in Colombia.
The international border crossing between Azerbaijan and Georgia at Balakan.
The International Committee of the Red Cross officially congratulated Dunant and was a tribute to his key role in the formation of the Red Cross.
The international identification code is CURIT.
The International Money Fund demanded cuts to spending.
The International Youth Congress of Esperanto met there in 1980 and made a big statement.
"The Invention of the Hindu."
The investment cost for the Waldpolenz solar park amounts to some Euro 130 million.
The iPad Mini 2 was announced during an event at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on October 22, 2013. citation The theme of the event was 'We still have a lot to cover.'
The IPC crime rate in 2006 was 167.7 compared to 165.3 in 2005, showing an increase of 1.5% in 2006 over 2005.
Their accuracy is difficult to judge.
Their advice is based on public information about the companies.
Their album, Rodrigo y Gabriela, entered the Irish Albums Chart at Number One.
Their albums have sold 35 million copies around the world and they have played for 25 million people, more than any other band.
Their anti-particles have charge -2/3 (anti-up, anti-charm, anti-top).
The Iraqi Navy is a small force with 800 sailors and six platoons of marines designed to protect the shoreline and inland waterways.
Their armed resistance to Soviet rule was part of the larger Basmachi Revolt throughout Central Asia from the 1920s into the early 1930s, which included most of the future USSR republics.
Their attempts to gain custody of Shelley's two children by Harriet failed.
Their backs can be any of a few colors but usually green with a thick black pattern.
Their basketball team plays in the Galen Center and is coached by Kevin O'Neill.
Their body is in three parts.
Their career began in 1998.
Their coloration is variable.
Their color can vary from light brown to dark gray, but with some of them (usually males) may show other colors, like green, blue and violet.
Their conversations will therefore not interfere.
Their culture has survived for thousands of years despite efforts by their Arab, Turkish and Kurdish neighbors to demolish it: it remains a strong influence on their way of life.
Their current chairman is Tino Fernandez.
Their debut single, "Happy Hour", was released on 23 July 2007.
Their discoveries were about individual and social behaviour patterns, and how they are triggered.
Their ears are smaller than those of the African elephant.
Their eggs are large and scientists have seen many of them laying eggs on underwater objects in fast-flowing creeks and streams, enough that they think all Nyctimystes frogs do this.
Their eggs are shaped so that they roll around in circles and do not fall off cliffs.
Their engagement ended.
Their existence in present-day landscapes is seen by many indigenous peoples as confirmation of their creation beliefs.
Their eyes may become very itchy, and their noses may become drippy or stuffy.
Their face is long and skinny, with ears that drop down on the sides of their head.
Their fame rose quickly in 1965 with the song "The Last Time."
Their families soon learned of this and lowered the remittances.
Their fandom name is Fantasy.
Their fingers have different proportions to humans.
Their first big tour started on March 12, 2014. citation ODESZA had 30 million Soundcloud plays on October 1, 2014.
Their flexible arms and ability to choose their feeding grounds was undoubtedly important in their success and survival.
Their flowers are usually small and not highly coloured.
Their fourth album Puzzle got them much mainstream and popular attention.
Their function is either energy storage (
Their hands and legs appear as skin and bones.
Their head coach is Jason Kreis.
Their heads were cut off, stuck onto long poles, and marched through the streets.
Their homeground is Kingsholm.
Their hunger drives them to the Pacific coast.
Their kittens grow slowly, staying with their mother for up to two years.
Their line of women's products include bags, scarves, perfumes and accessories.
Their lower price brand, Bettabuy, was also changed to a more modern brand called the Morrisons Value. citation This brand was then changed again in 2012 as Morrisons started their low price option brand called M Savers.
The IRL was also the first race series to adopt the new SAFER barrier soft wall safety system.
Their main mission is to keep the public order according with the Chilean laws.
Their major breakthrough came in 1961 with the song Kära mor.
Their marriage lasted until his death.
Their most famous hit song is "Inget stoppar oss nu".
Their most famous player is Dwayne Leverock.
Their most successful album, Superstar, reached Number 4 on the Japanese charts in 2011.
Their musical style is sourced to African American music and the traditional and folk music of British Americans.
Their music has made them one of the most successful rock groups in Spanish history.
Their name has two parts: endo- and -orphin; these are short forms of the words endogenous and morphine.
Their names mean "he who wards off war" and "the unconquerable one" respectively.
Their names were Mary Cook, who died at age 4, Margaret Cook, William Cook, Jane Cook and John Cook.
Their nervous system includes their brain, which controls their body.
Their newest album Reckless & Relentless was released on April 5, 2011.
Their newest album Vice Verses was released on September 27, 2011.
Their offices are locations in San Francisco (California) and Belgrade (Serbia). citation citation citation Finances Online awarded Workpuls with a Rising Star Award in 2016, and a Great User Experience Award in 2017.
Their operations are highly secretive.
The Iroquois hunted mostly deer but also other game such as wild turkey and migratory birds.
Their other task is to run or operate the policies in action.
Their parts are about as big as a nanometer (0,0000000001 or 10 −9 meters).
Their peers also benefit when the concepts they learned in general education are reinforced in resource rooms.
Their place of origin was got by recording the messages at two different receiving places.
Their rear wings are small or almost vestigial; the males have two long front legs for holding females, the rest have no function.
Their relationships are being analysed.
Their second album, Roaring 20s, was released on 2 September 2013.
Their single "Love Your Money" reached number 26 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1992.
Their song "Monster" was used in 2011 for the 3rd Transformers movie.
Their son, Jackie Robinson, Jr., was born in November 1946.
Their son Lukas, born in 1965, is a composer.
Their son Paul also became an Newbery Medal-winning writer.
Their son was named Janco Douwes Jelckama (1514-1587)and their daughters were named Bonga (1516-1575) and Fokel (1517-1546).
Their spinal column was more flexible, so they were probably more agile than their cousins and better at rearing up.
Their stadium is called the KC Stadium.
Their struggles and battles form the majority of the Book of 1 Maccabees.
Their total frequency range was from visible light down to millimeter waves.
Their two first albums were not very successful.
Their unusual tail is really an accidental genetic mutation in the cat world.
Their upper lips are gray, off-white, or mottled in color.
Their victory at Kaiapit enabled the Australian 7th Division to be flown into the upper Markham Valley, stopping the Japanese from threatening Lae or Nadzab, where a major airbase was being developed.
Their weapon was a sword, spear, gun, or bow.
Their website receives about 50,000 page views every month.
Their weight makes it likely that they did not hop as their relatives do today.
Their whole relationship is told from Charlie's perspective.
Their wings are big and strong, because the birds are large and they stock up on food for the long flight.
Their works have included The Bugaloos (1970), Lidsville (1971), Sigmund and the Sea Monsters (1973-1975), Land of the Lost (1974), The Lost Saucer (1975), Electra Woman and Dyna Girl (1976), and Wonderbug (1976).
The is a holding category and will spend most time empty.
The is an expert in a variety of weapons, but she usually uses a bow and two daggers, the same weapons Legolas uses.
The Ishibashi Family at the time was holding up a sign from the Nito store, which runs the transportation business with 400 to 500 workers at Shiodome Station (which is the government-owned railway), and it said, "I think the economy was good."
The Islanders lost 3–2 in overtime.
The island had an estimated population of about 2000 inhabitants.
The island has a natural park (Parc Naturel Régional de Corse), which protects thousands of rare animal and plant species.
The island is about 926 square kilometers (or 357 square miles).
The island is also known as Isla Más a Tierra or Aguas Buenas.
The islands are a mix of island types.
The islands' people are called the Torres Strait Islanders.
The island was hit by a storm in the 18th century.
The island, which is actually a giant "lion-turtle", provides Aang with the power of energybending and leaves him on the Earth Kingdom shores.
The ISO 3166/MA therefore reserves them, so that they are not used for new official ISO 3166 codes, thereby creating conflicts between the standard and those applications.
The isotope 99m Tc is used in nuclear medicine.
The ISSTD recommends first improving a patient's ability to deal with symptoms and live more normal lives, then trying to deal with traumatic memories.
The issue for biologists is whether there is any sense in having the special term macroevolution.
The issues at stake may be of a local kind, or special to a particular group of people.
The Italian "Governatorate of Dalmatia" (inside red dots) temporarily fulfilled, between 1941 and 1943, the irredentism dream of a Dalmatia united to Italy.
The Italian Navy entered the war with only one year of fuel required to operate normally.
The Italian Regia Aeronautica entered the war with 3296 airplanes (1332 Bombers and 1160 "Caccia", as were called the Fighters in Italian) distributed in all the Italian Empire, but only 1796 were in perfect fighting conditions.
The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office urged individuals to stay away from the location at 2:13 p.m.
The Jacob Street studio is opposite.
The Japanese carrier forces, however, also pulled back because of high aircraft and aircrew losses and major damage to two carriers.
The Japanese carrier was protected by six Zeros and two Type 96 'Claude' fighters flying combat air patrol (CAP).
The Japanese did not try to include Zuikaku in the operation.
The Japanese planned to transport 17,500 troops from these two divisions to Guadalcanal for the next major attack on the Lunga Perimeter set for 20 October 1942.
The Japanese retreat moved nearly 30,000 men into its last defense line on the Kiyan Peninsula.
The Japanese thought that future carrier attacks against the U.S. would be successful.
The Japanese word for copper is dō (銅); and since this was indigenous copper, the "wa" (the ancient Chinese term for Japan) could be combined with the "dō" (copper) to create a new composite term "wadō" meaning "Japanese copper."
The Java language was changed to allow different results where the difference does not matter and require a "strictfp" qualifier to be used when the results have to conform accurately.
The jaw tip is nearly 10 cm tall and 5.6 cm wide, with teeth up to 1.3 cm in base diameter.
The J. B. Speed School of Engineering on campus.
The Jefferson County School District is the only one in Florida operating under a declared financial emergency due to budget deficits.
The jewellers of the time excelled at handling details and filigrees: thus, the funeral wreaths present very realistic leaves of trees or stalks of wheat.
The Jewish community has been shrinking since the mid 20th century.
The Jianwen Emperor was about 20 years old and didn't like the power of his many uncles.
The Joker arrived to Gotham City and wanted to ruin Batman's reputation.
The Joker then hires some men to kidnap police officers and take their uniforms.
The journey is about 7,500 miles.
The Joyful Heart Foundation helps real-life survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault.
The judge in his trial later wrote a book in which he said Adams was probably guilty.
The judges did not want to move so instead only the 5th criminal division was moved from Berlin to Leipzig.
The judiciary branch of the government is headed by the Supreme Court of the Philippines, which has a Chief Justice as its head and 14 Associate Justices, all appointed by the president.
The June 2011 Christchurch earthquake was responsible for causing additional damage to an already earthquake-devastated region.
The jungle cat (Felis chaus) Wozencraft W.C. 2005.
The JWST will be in orbit far from Earth, to avoid heat radiating from the Earth and moon.
The K1A1 is designed for Korea’s mountainous land.
The Kajima seaside industrial zone centering on the Kashima harbor is formed.
The Kalupur station is situated in the heart of the city which will be convergence point for Ahmedabad Metro, Ahmedabad BRTS, and upcoming high-speed rail system.
The Kansas Turnpike was built between 1954 and 1956.
The karaals (Karlal) and Dhund Abbasis are about 50% of its total population.
The Karl Chronicle says that "Erik Lisp and Lame" also had a sister, Martha Farmer.
The Kasugayama old-groth forest is also identified as a world heritage site.
The Kennelly heaviside layer was named after scientists Arthur Edwin Kennelly and Oliver Heavisde.
The kerosene burner was known to cause fires.
The key factor to distinguish them is to look at how many instructions the processor can issue in one cycle and how many threads from which the instructions come.
The Khirlep River flows through the village.
The Khmer script is based on an ancient Indian alphabet.
The Khuman principality was once more prosperous than the Ningthouja principality.
The Kickapoo in Kansas came from them being moved from southern Missouri in 1832 as a land exchange from their reservation there.
The kidney keeps these things constant.
The Kids Helpline is run by yourtown.
The Kids Next Door have refused to recognize this dastardly attempt at prohibiting children from drinking their favorite beverage, and have taken it upon themselves to run a secret operation providing soda to any kid in the world who wants it.
The kids struggled with book-learning because that was not how their parents taught them.
The Killstreak system is now called the Pointstreak system and it has changed very much.
The King and Queen make their entrances with the newlyweds.
The king and Talia marry.
The king changes the clothes on the Buddha three times every year.
; the Kingdom of Moab lay south of Ammon).
The Kingdom of Saxony had lasted only 112 years.
The King felt very sad and guilty.
The king himself was later to die in the city on 9 November 1953.
The King, if anything was ahead of his ministers and understood the Empire better.
The King of Eswatini (also known as Ingwenyama) rules alongside the Queen Mother (also known as Ndlovukati).
The King of Khotan came out to greet him, and he spent seven or eight months there lecturing on what he had learned during his pilgrimage.
The king or queen carries out national ceremonies.
The King shows her that it is on the table.
The Kings of Belgiums now do not use the Saxe-Coburg and Gotha name, but have never officially changed it.
The kings of Prussia and the German emperors styled themselves Princes of Orange till 1918.
The king vulture has a very noticeable yellow fleshy caruncle on its beak.
The Kinks had five Top 10 singles on the US Billboard chart.
The KND defeat all the Assault Satilities and the DCFDTL's Mega-Mansion.
The knight is said to move in the shape of an L. See the picture (picture is coming).
The knight visits every square only once.
The knuckles were reinforced with leather as well.
The Komoé River near Folonzo.
The Komondor is usually silent and sleeping during the day.
The Kootanai River flows along the town.
The Ko'woj had their capital at Zacpeten.
The Koyotes compete in the American Professional Football League (APFL).
The Kraken is a fictional sea monster.
The Kyogoku clan controlled Izumo and Oki.
The label is named after a street in Midtown Omaha, despite the label being housed in downtown.
The Labelle version was released on August 3, 1974.
The label was in the process of finalizing a distribution deal when Pimp C was found dead in his West Hollywood hotel room.
The Labor Party and the FTP/ASP continued to grow in electoral strength.
The Lady Vanishes.
The lake drains through the Kvichak River into Bristol Bay.
The lake is 51.6 kilometres long and 17.2 kilometres wide.
The lake is named after Michel LaBerge, a French-Canadian who explored the area in 1866.
The lake is used to give water to local towns and cities.
The Lancet openings of windows and arcades are often grouped in twos or threes.
The land claim was partly successful.
The land has many mountains.
The land is renamed "Klub Koopa Resort" because of this.
The land is surrounded by hills and lush green paddy fields.
The land is under de facto administration by Croatia since the Croatian War of Independence citation but Croatia has blocked people's access to Liberland since shortly after its founding.
The land of central Italy helped the defence.
The landscape of the Ancelle commune is very hilly, as it is on the outskirts of the Écrins National Park.
The lands of a baron are called a barony.
The Langeoog harbour is also used by sailors, some fishermen and the German Society for Rescuing Ship-Wreckers.
The language also has a more clear system for showing case differences with its pronouns.
The language is nearly extinct.
The language is widely used for conversing with people.
The languages in such a family are similar in their vocabulary or structure.
The languages that are spoken in Tahiti are French and Tahitian which are both official.
The language that they spoke, called Nheengatu or Língua Geral, was based on Tupí.
The language was proclaimed as a dialect of sami in 1937 although the noted differences.
The Laplace operator, which is also called scalar Laplacian, applies to scalar fields and returns a scalar quantity.
The Lapps survived in their harsh homeland by domesticating the reindeer.
The Lapps were careful not to waste anything they got from the reindeer.
The large hall of the Wien Konzerthaus (Vienna Concert House).
The large metal plate was not heated, so electricity could go in one direction through the tube but not in the other direction.
The larger lakes are known as maria (seas) and the smaller ones as lacūs (lakes).
The larger Mühlenteich with the Hochzeitsinsel in the background.
The larger one is Madhya Pradesh while the smaller one is Chhattisgarh.
The larger parties must respond to these opinions, and sometimes the larger parties copy ideas from third parties.
The larger part of the country is covered by a peneplain.
The large size of the aleph articles reflects the enthusiasm of the early editors.
The largest are the foot operated ones,called the bellows.
The largest beekeeping operations are agricultural businesses that are operated for profit.
The largest concentration of the population of the town and the District is along the coastal belt, on the eastern side, while the largely forested areas on the western side of the district (along the Western Ghats) are sparsely populated.
The largest employer in the city is the Canada Revenue Agency.
The largest genera are Capparis (about 150 species), Maerua (100 species), Boscia (37 species) and Cadaba (30 species).
The largest is Oshima.
The largest land mammal ever imagined.
The largest moss grows in New Zealand.
The largest of these suburbs is Cottingham.
The largest rainforest area on the Cape is in the McIllwraith Range-Iron Range area.
The largest specimen is convert long, Holtz, Thomas R. Jr. 2012.
The large timber rattlesnakes weigh about 4.5 kg (9.9 Ib), but most weigh about 580-900 g (20-32 oz).
The last 4 countries are commonly known as "the Stans".
The last car you will see on a train is called the caboose.
The last crewed mission, Skylab 4, spent 84 days, 1 hour, 15 minutes, 30 seconds, longer than any space mission had spent until 1977.
The last episode aired March 30, 1973.
The last HHRs were assembled in May 2011.
The last international tournament was the UEFA Euro 2008 which was hosted by Austria and Switzerland.
The last part of Article Six is sometimes called the "No Religious Test Clause."
The last part was published in December 1866.
The last person who was directly related to Lincoln was Robert's grandson "Bud" Beckwith.
The last phase of treatment is to make sure that the person is improving.
The last player hanging wins Immunity.
The last section of Article 3 talks about treason and how it should be punished.
The last Sunday of April is Tsinghua's anniversary and Homecoming (Xiao-Qing) Day.
The last thing he conducted in Vienna was his Second Symphony.
The last time a Republican running for president won more votes than the Democratic candidate in Baltimore was 1956.
The last time Sunderland won the league was in 1936.
The last time was in 1758.
The last variation is in 4/4 time.
The last version made was compatible with Word 2007.
The last years of his life were marred by charges of corruption in the Canal Scrip Fraud case.
The late King's goods: collections, possessions and patronage of Charles I in the light of the Commonwealth Sale Inventories.
The later groups, on the other hand, were deliberately chosen for variety.
The later MSG90A2 was a lighter and sturdier design.
The later Phoenician version of waw.
The latest version is Java 16, released in March 2021.
The Latin phrase Pereunt et Imputantur, a favourite motto for clocks and sundials was written by the Latin poet Martial.
The latter also made her debut.
The latter is the current Kurohime, while the former is the "goddess" who gave her the curse.) She is also extremely beautiful and believes all men are her "dogs".
The latter two being called the 'Renault Clio Campus and marketed alongside the Clio III.
The latter vowel, which is used in Bengali, is used frequently to transcript texts originally written in other alphabets, most notably Latin.
The Launch director states if a mission is go for launch.
The Lausanne metro line 1 and many bus lines come to Ecublens.
The law in question must also be passed by the state assembly as well, except in the case of certain land law-related subjects.
The law is criticized.
The law says that the Supreme Court will have 9 Justices, including one Chief Justice.
The Laws of Thought, facsimile of 1854 edition, with an introduction by J. Corcoran.
The lawsuit says that YouTube has to be blocked in Brazil until all copies of the video are removed.
The layers may have different "soil textures".
The L&B had a very good safety record, and no members of the public were killed or injured, although accidents at Braunton Road and Chumhill did take the lives of three workers.
The leader of the group, Thamizharasan, was killed when he and a small group tried to rob a bank in Ponparappi.
The leader of the House is the Speaker of the House of Keys, currently The Hon. Stephen Charles Rodan SHK.
The Leader of the Opposition does not have a large official role, but there are several ways in which the Leader of the Opposition takes part in affairs of state.
The Leader of the Opposition is the name given to the leader of the largest party not in government in a Westminster System of parliamentary government.
The leader of this tribe later joined all the tribes together to found Van Lang Nation in 2897 BC, addressing himself as the King Hung. The next generations followed in their father's footsteps and kept this appellation.
The leading members of the company have got recognition from the British award system.
The lead singer was Glenn Danzig.
The lead vocalist is sometimes referred to as the frontman.
The League also had no troops of its own, and decisions it made were often slow.
The league currently has 16 teams.
The league is ranked 25th in the IFFHS's Best Leagues of the World ranking as of 2014.
The league was started in 1981.
The Learjet 24 is a twin-
The "learners" were actually actors, who only pretended to be in pain.
The learning that underlies habituation is a basic process of biological systems.
The least beautiful woman has bones, muscles, skin, and some sort of colour", whereas on this woman the flesh colour was dirty and the modeling non-existent."
The leaves are arranged in spirals on the branches.
The leaves are much bigger at this level and insect life is abundant.
The leaves are oval, and grow to convert to convert wide, and convert to convert long.
The leaves can grow to convert in length.
The left arm of the river is where the old town centre lies.
The Left is a founding member of the Party of the European Left.
The left-wing politicians pointed to the time before the 1970s, when many girls were employed to live-in and work for wealthier families.
The legality of this swap is disputed by India.
The legend tells that in the year 2000, a man of the family Sampaio, whose descendants still live in the village, coming from the fair of Vilar de Maçada, brought with him some meat.
The lender can then sell the asset to repay the loan.
The length of courses, and the number of courses vary depending on which college is attended.
The length of east and west is 10 km and the length of south, and north is 9.5 km, and the total length of seashore is about 56.5 km.
The length of the area code part and the local number part is found as follows: citation — List of all UK number allocations and their dialling format.
The length of the slow air chamber was the width of the fist.
The length of this bit string is the block size.
The length of time an officer can hold the rank of second lieutenant is different in different services.
The leopard is mostly active at night.
The lesser standards are rational basis review and exacting or intermediate scrutiny.
The letter K, although relatively older, is also rarely used and appears only in proper names and international neologisms such as kilogram, broker, karate.
The letter said who he wanted to rule Oman after he died.
The letters and sounds chosen are not special.
The letters in Urdu are derived from the Persian/Farsi alphabet, which is derived from the Arabic alphabet.
The letters look like triangles and curves.
The Leyland Bus Mk2, UK: Transport Publishing Company.
The Libertarian Party (
The library is the oldest library in Switzerland.
The library itself is known to have had an acquisitions department (possibly built near the stacks, or for utility closer to the harbour), and a cataloguing department.
The library moved to its current location on May 23, 1923.
The Library of Congress keeps his papers.
The library underwent a lot of rebuilding between 1990 and 2004, designed by architects Ancher Mortlock & Woolley.
The library was built by his son, Gaius Julius Aquila (
The library was opened in 1995.
The life and death of living things is intimately connected, not just with the physical environment, but with the life of other species.
The Life and Times of Lucrezia Borgia.
The life cycle has three stages: tomont, theront, and trophont.
The Life Guards wear red tunics with white plumes while The Blues and Royals wear blue tunics and have red plumes to their helmets.
The Life of Langston Hughes Volume 1: I, Too, Sing America.
The lifters were eventually allowed to make further attempts, but neither lifter improved, and Jensen was declared the champion.
The Light Division tried to advance to the west.
The lighter the country, the more democratic it is.
The Lincolns bought the house in 1844.
The Lindley Library of the RHS has five branches.
The Lindy Hop was a mixture of many dances before it, like the Charleston, tap and breakaway dances.
The line connecting any two points of a convex polyhedron is inside the polyhedron.
The line is now operated by 158/9 sprinter units.
The lines are read by a scanner and changed into numbers.
The lines of the drawing are the lines of the graph and when two or more lines collide, there is a point in the graph.
The lines would be able to handle speeds of 250 km/h.
''The Linguasphere Register of the World's Languages and Speech Communities (1999/2000, Linguasphere Press).
The lion bit off one of his fingers.
The lioness conceals the cubs in thick bush, gullies, or rocky outcrops.
"The Lion Sleeps Tonight" is a song originally written and recorded by Solomon Linda citation under the title "Mbube" for the South African Gallo Record Company in 1939.
The liquid with cells forms in another gland.
The lira da braccio was very popular at court.
The list begins in 1851.
The list includes claims from PRC and ROC, as well as unofficial historical claims.
The list includes the names of kings who only ruled for a very short time, or those ruling small areas that may not be in listed in other sources.
The list of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft has been split up by year.
The list of team base camps was released on 31 January 2016.
The Lite edition supports one foreground and one background layer, one soundtrack, and up to three hundred frames per shot.
The literal translation of Tatar qazan is a boiler or cauldron.
The little black pageboy picks it up and runs after them.
The little bubbles in the sponge work like many straws gathered together.
The little claws on the other legs help pick up food they find and put them in the jaws so the lobster can eat.
The Little Pilgrim was intended to replace the discontinued children's magazine, Friend of Youth.
The Lived Experiences of Women in Relationships with Incarcerated Men.
The liver can use stored fat and the fat you eat for energy.
"The living species in the genus Limulus, are virtually identical to fossil species in a different family that existed 150 mya".
The loans cost only the amount of the loan and the repayment take a long time, for example, a beggar taking a small loan of around 100 taka (about US $1.50) can pay only 2.00 taka (about 3.4 US cents) per week and only repays 100 taka.
The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 replaced the counties with regions, and each region was to have one or more lord-lieutenants appointed.
The local necking and the cup and cone fracture surfaces are typical for ductile metals.
The local operators are only in control of the server they connect to.
The location of Bakersfield in Kern County.
The location of Glendale, California.
The location of the Ananke group is illustrated by Ananke's presence near the bottom.
The location of the Grand Duchy as shown within the borders of modern Germany.
The location of the runways is limited by the location of the airport.
The Locomobile Company of America was a company founded in 1899 by John B. Walker.
The logic of PLC is programmed so that user can create a highly dedicated PLC working system for their intended purpose.
The logo suggests the "wild" lands of northern Minnesota.
The logs are then split in half so that there is a flat side for the inside of the wall and a round side for the outside.
The London Memorandum of 1954 gave to the ethnic Italians the choice of either opting to leave (the so-called optants) or staying.
The long connection with silk production ended in about 1908 when F.W. Hampshire and Company, the Chemists, moved into the buildings to make fly papers and cough medicines.
The longer-range 777-300ER and 777-200LR models entered service in 2004 and 2006, respectively.
The longer wavelength means the particle could be anywhere along the stretch of the wave.
The longest distance between two exits is around 700 m.
The Long Island of the Holston: Sacred Island of the Cherokee Nation.
"The Long Shadow of the Merovingians" in: Charlemagne: Empire and Society, ed. Joanna Story.
The lord invested the vassal with a fiefdom, by giving a symbol of the land or office.
The Lord of the Manor allows Swanhilda to keep her dowry.
The lordship was conferred by letters-patent dated 7 July 1609 upon William Stanley, 6th Earl of Derby.
The loris has enormous eyes, grasping fingers, and toes with opposable digits.
The loser walks away.
The losing team from level 8 is relegated to a level 9 division.
The losing tribe will not go back to camp with nothing.
The loss affected Japanese operations in other areas of the Pacific.
The loss of the two airfields, at Pitomnik on 16 January 1943 and Gumrak on the night of 21/22 January, Deiml, Michael (1999).
The Lost People is a 1949 British drama movie directed by Bernard Knowles and Muriel Box and was based on the play Cockpit by Bridget Boland.
The loudspeakers themselves must also be sturdier to handle the higher power levels.
The Louvre closed for one week to help look for it.
The lower jaw is loosely hinged to the skull with a moveable joint on each side (behind the teeth).
The lower parts of the Levite pews originate from the 14th century.
The lower section of the River Dart forms Dartmouth Harbour, a deep water natural harbour with a long history.
The lower tier of the West Stand is uncovered and offers a great view of the action.
The lowest measured temperature on Earth, convert, was recorded at Vostok Station on 21 July 1983.
The lowest point is several miles to the west, the exact point which is lowest changes.
The Luftwaffe also attacked troop barges.
The L. umbrinum has a fruiting body, which is shaped like the top of a pear, with a short, slightly buried stipe.
The lyrics are about recreational drug use at house parties.
The lyrics for "
The lyrics were written by Patrice Hellberg.
The lyrics, written by E. Y. "Yip" Harburg, use many odd rhymes, plus internal rhymes, complex rhyme patterns, and other tricks of language.
The lyric tenor is a tenor with a well timbered voice, such as "The Three Tenors" (
The M2 was replaced by the M9A1-7 flamethrower which was used in Vietnam.
The M61 has one of the highest rate of fire in the world.
The Maasai are an old nomad African tribe in the group of Nilotes who have always lived in Africa principally in the north of Tanzania and southern Kenya.
The MacGregor Arctic Expedition in 1937–1938 also took aerial photographs.
The machine had a window with a question and four answers.
The machinery is so contrived that while the Organ is playing, the hand of the European is often lifted up, to express his helpless and deplorable condition.
The machines make tamping quicker and the track is more level than if tamping is done by hand.
The magazine features stories, comics, games, jokes, and articles for kids to know and learn about nature, and how to protect it.
The Magazine Fort in the south east of the Park is the location where Phoenix Lodge was built by Sir Edward Fisher in 1611.
The magazine merged with Atkinson's Casket to become Graham's Magazine.
The magazine often published poor-quality fiction in the mid-1950s, under Browne and his successor, Paul W. Fairman.
The Magdelena River divides the eastern and center mountains.
The Magellan Strait sepearates it from the South American Mainland.
"The magical number seven, plus or minus two: some limits on our capacity for processing information" was a paper published originally in The Psychology Review.
The Maginot Line was built between 1930 and 1940.
The main 105mm gun was replaced with the M256 120mm gun.
The main aim of the party is to abolish the differences among Tamil people and to lift up the economically weaker sections of society.
The main capital of Naboo is Theed.
The main causes of the friction include the anti-foreigner agitation in the 1980s and the simmering Assam-Bodo tensions.
The main character Elinor, the most observant and curious bunny rabbit in Animal Town just north of Natural Forest, CA, introduces children ages 3-6 to science, nature and community through adventures with her friends Olive and Ari.
The main character is a man called Gordon Comstock.
The main character is shown in a way that is not very clear.
The main controversy about Higgs's case was that Higgs did not personally kill any of the three victims.
The main difference between verbs and prepositions is that verbs have a subject.
The main editor of the constitutional text was Jaime Guzmán.
The main ethnic groups of Pakistan.
The main function of the basal ganglia seems to be selecting actions.
The main grandstand(a place where people sit) has seats for 25,000 people.
The main hospital is Primary Health Center Chandanapally.
The main hypnosis discoveries came in 1842 when Braid started to learn more about its effects.
The main idea behind these parks and reserves is to guard the values of nature, landscape, heritage, and species.
The main industrial process for the artificial creation of Vitamin C still bears his name.
The main industries are based on agriculture including dairy, beef, lamb and finewool merino industries, and a large timber industry.
The main isotopes of hydrogen are unique because they are the only isotopes that have a name.
The mainland form, Macropus rufogriseus banksianus, breeds all year round.
The main language of the district is a dialect of Saraiki.
The main players tunnel now comes out from the north-west corner following the moving of the changing rooms to the North Stand.
The main project he developed was the Advanced Payload Transfer Measurement System.
The main purpose of the SMTP proxy is to filter outbound spam.
The main rivers which empty into the gulf are the Chao Phraya (including its distributary Tha Chin River), Mae Klong and Bang Pakong Rivers at the Bay of Bangkok, and the Tapi River into Bandon Bay in the southwest of the gulf.
The main shrine of Thoth was at Khemennu.
The main single was composed by Yoo Young-jin, who is also the co-author of other singles of the mini album, "What Is Love" and "History"
The main stream Ganges enters Bangladesh.
The main street in Odessa today is named Deribasovskaya Street after him.
The main theme of the poem is the seeking for faith.
The main things to think about when choosing a machine are usually speed, costs, and color.
The main town is Avalon.
The main town is Labasa.
The main village is found at an elevation of convert.
The majority, muwallad (plural form: muwalladīn), were born in Indonesia and may be of mixed heritage.
The majority of eateries in these cities serve a fish fry on Fridays, even outside Lent.
The majority of the company is owned by Temasek Holdings, the investment arm of the Singapore government.
The majority of these topics were later attributed to studio interferences and creative differences between Sony, Raimi and Arad.
The major port of Arkhangelsk is on the White Sea.
The major volcanic peaks today were born in the last 1.6 million years.
The makeover makes him look like a woman, which is exactly what Daniel had hoped for.
The making of the Christian myth, Prologue, p3.
The Malcontent, edited by George K. Hunter, with a new introduction, together with a revised reading text and commentary notes.
The male also has bright blue eyes, and a blue beak which is yellow on the end.
The male equivalent is a merman.
The males are usually black, while the females tend to be ash blond.
The males sit on plants high above the pools and sing so the females will come to them.
The males were much larger than the females, which suggests a family arrangement with a dominant male and several females, as with modern apes.
The Mall is organized into four different zones, each with its own decorative style.
The Man comes back and makes more trouble for the animals.
The maneuver can be delivered to either a sitting or standing opponent.
The man gets curious as to why a woman is sitting all alone at this time of the night.
The man in this role was expected to act as if he were a relative of the pope; and sometimes -- often, he was in fact a member of the pope's extended family.
The Manipuri soldiers showed their might in the losing battle, sacrificing their lives for the motherland.
The manmade form is most common in chemical reactions.
The Mantou Festival covers 4 streets.
The manuscript is lost.
The man who owned the house, Larry English, told CNN that nothing had been stolen.
The man who was to be killed was Sub Officer John Hallam.
The map list is sorted by the version they were released with, with newer maps coming first.
The maps below show the Division boundaries as they were for the election in 2010.
The map shown here indicates prior boundaries.
The Maratha Empire or the Maratha Confederacy was a grouping of Indian states that dominated much of the Indian subcontinent in the 17th and 18th centuries.
The Margalla Range has an area of convert.
The Marine Board building (1882) is the oldest building in Devonport.
The Marine fighters were used the next day.
The Mariners are going to play for the American League Championship!
The market also has forums, hosted on a different URL.
The market town of Pattoki is the headquarters of the tehsil.
The marks are given out of 150. The pass mark is hundred.
The Maroon Berets conduct daily operations against the PKK terrorist organization in the ongoing clashes between Turkish Security forces and Kurdish PKK Terrorists in an effort for an independent Kurdish state in south eastern Turkey and northern Iraq.
The Marquise is unmoved by the young man's declaration that Marie is his whole life ("Pour me rapprocher de Marie").
The marriage ended in divorce in 1974.
The marriage lasted for nine months.
The marriage lasted until Boult's death.
The marriage took place in 1760.
The Maryland ruffians were defeated with one being killed.
The mask looked like a bird's beak.
The massacre was over.
The mass it threw out was 100 times greater than the largest volcanic eruption in recent history.
The Master was briefly played by Peter Pratt and Geoffrey Beevers until Anthony Ainley took over.
The Master was once a childhood friend of the Doctor.
The match became the longest match, in terms of time for women in a Grand Slam as it lasted for 4 hours, and 44 minutes.
The matches were played on 15 and 16 September 2020.
The match was originally meant to consist of 30 games, but when it became obvious that there were insufficient funds (Lasker demanded a fee of 1,000 marks per game played), the number of games was reduced to ten.
The match was part of the village’s Scarecrow Festival.
The material for the dupatta varies according to the suit: cotton, georgette, silk, chiffon, and more.
The material is put on as a microcoating.
The math above looks very hard, but the math leading up to it is very much harder and is extremely hard to understand.
The MATHEMATICA® book, version 4. Cambridge University Press.
The mathematical equations that govern fluid flow are simple to think about but very hard to solve.
The maximum speed of this train convert.
The maximum weight is over 500 pounds (230 kg).
The Mayflower Descendant (July 1993) vol.
The mayor has been Eckhard Harscher since 2006.
The mayor is currently Franz Stimpfle.
The mayor is currently Hermann Faul.
The mayor is currently Wolfgang Kilian.
The mayor is Masanao Itakura.
The Mayor of Berlin (Regierender Bürgermeister von Berlin) was democratically elected in January 1991.
The mayor of Henderson is Debra March.
The mayor of the city is Stefan Weil who followed Herbert Schmalstieg in 2006.
The Mbuti people, sometimes called the Bambuti, live in the Ituri rainforest in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The mean anomalies for the two points are calculated and their difference is found.
The meaning could be unique to all of us.
The meaning here is "to rehearse", because when a musician rehearses (practises) he will go over the music many times until he has learned it really well.
The meaning of the bloodstone is courage.
The meaning of the diamond is innocence.
The mean IQ of Americans: Massive gains 1932 to 1978.
The measurement of intelligence: an explanation of and a complete guide for the use of the Stanford revision and extension of the Binet Simon intelligence scale.
The measures were introduced following a massive IRA bombing campaign in the City in the early 1990s such as the 1992 Baltic Exchange bombing and the 1993 Bishopsgate bombing.
The meat and liver are sold for human consumption, despite the fact that the liver has been reported as toxic.
The meat has a crisp, medium density.
The meat is marketed fresh, frozen, smoked, and dried-salted for human consumption, the skin is used for leather, the fins used in shark-fin soup, and the liver oil is used for vitamins.
The mechanical combination lock usually has three discs inside.
The mechanism was repaired at least once, which shows that it must have been used often.
The medal is still shown on the soup cans today.
The media labeled his war on bootleggers as the "Great Beer War" and it resulted in a decline of crime.
The median age was 37 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,413, and the median income for a family was $31,843.
The mediator hears from the two sides, and then forms a jirga of community elders, taking care to include supporters of both sides.
The Medium is the Message: an inventory of effects (1967) was a spin-off from his previous book.
The melodic instrument (normally violin or flute) plays the top part, the harpsichordist plays the second part with his right hand, and the third part is the lowest part of his left hand notes.
The melody is used as a musical motif throughout the movie, and the song is featured three times in the movie, twice performed by other artists in Spanish, and finally performed by Adams himself during the closing credits.
The melody remains the same.
The members are: Mark Osegueda (
The members are Ronan Harris and Mark Jackson.
The members cheerfully referred to themselves as "lunarticks", a pun on lunatics.
The members of his staff were anxious for the president to appear to be recovering quickly, and the morning after his operation he saw visitors and signed a piece of legislation.
The members of the stable each portrayed evolutions of professional wrestling with Ric Flair being "the past", Triple H being "the present" and Randy Orton and Batista being "the future".
The member who ranks at number one in the election will become the "center" of their new song.
The membrane (a thin film) is controlled by voltage, and it moves between metal plates which are full of small holes.
The Memorial Cup is given to the best junior ice hockey team in Canada.
The memorial was started by the Organization of Veterans of the Red Army in World War II.
The memory for events that evoke a particularly strong emotion may involve both declarative and procedural memory processes.
The men's athletics teams of the university are called the Bears.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in the seasons of 1972-1973 citation and 1977-1978.
The men's junior volleyball team won the Swedish national championship for four times in a row between 1975 and 1978.
The men take insult, and Rhett leaves to let the men cool down.
The merger became on 1 January 2009, creating the third largest municipality of Switzerland by area.
The Mesolithic featured devices made with small chipped stone tools.
The mesonychids were the first group to become larger carnivores.
The message linked to a website for fans to enter their e-mail addresses to get updates on the reunion.
The Metal API, first introduced in iOS 8, was also included in this operating system for "all Macs since 2012".
The method of organic evolution.
The method used to get the blades and flakes is called the Levallois technique.
The metropolitan borough, has an area of convert.
The Metropolitan City is headed by the Metropolitan Mayor (Sindaco metropolitano) and the Metropolitan Council (Consiglio metropolitano).
The metro stations had most of their names changed after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the Independence of the Republic of Armenia.
The Miami-Dade School Board is a nine-member publicly elected body responsible for overseeing the administration of the (MDCPS).
The microbe was first described by Clarke in 1924.
The middle of Manchester is important because of its network of canals and mills built during its 19th-century development.
The middle of the circle of 10 yellow five-pointed stars is on the red stripe.
The middle vein of a compound leaf or a frond, when it is present, is called a rachis.
The mid-engine layout has none of these disadvantages.
The midshipmen and master's mates were later assigned to sleep in the cockpit.
The migrating group can stay on the original face of the π system after rebonding.
The Mi- in "Mitra" means "to tie tightly".
The military has a significant presence in Phoenix with Luke Air Force Base in the western suburbs.
The military variants are mainly known as Eurocopter EC645.
The Milky Way, and all spiral shaped galaxies like it (see right side image of NGC 2997), produce new stars at a rate of one or two stars per year.
The Milky Way has more than 20 known dwarf galaxies orbiting it.
The Milky Way has three main parts: a disk, where the Solar System is, a bulge at the core, and an outer halo all around it. citation Although the word "disk" suggests it is flat, the Milky Way is actually not quite flat.
The mill was looked at in 1977 by millwrights Vincent Pargeter and Edwin Hole and found to be close to collapse.
The mill was taken down and moved without ever producing steel.
The mimes chase a "Phantom" which they can never capture.
The mind-body problem, i.e. the relationship of the mind to the body, especially the brain, is a central issue in philosophy of mind.
The Minecraft server 2b2t.org was founded in 2010 by an unknown owner, known online as Hausemaster.
The miners were trapped at about convert deep and about convert from the entrance of the mine.
The mine was established around 1330’s and remained operational until the end of 15th or beginning of 16th century.
The mini episodes were only five minute clips from the first season.
The Mini Movies were released on Lego.
The minimum cover is around mid-September.
The minimum number of course is often regarded as two but there can be as many as seven.
The Ministry for Foreign Affairs handled the foreign policy of the government of the DDR.
The Miracles still had hits (like "Love Machine"), and so did Robinson, with songs like "Cruisin'" and "Being With You".
The Mirror's mass working-class readership had made it the United Kingdom's best-selling daily tabloid newspaper.
The missing colours give us information about the energy of the photons that cause excitation.
The mission ended on November 10, 2008.
The mission of the group is "the creation and dissemination of literary texts in order to increase the culture of people around the world."
The mission of the museum is to help increase visitors’ understanding of the history of Japanese money.
The mission tested several things which were important for landing on the Moon, including the LM engines, backpack life support systems, navigation systems, and docking maneuvers.
The Missouri University of Science and Technology started as the Missouri School of Mines and Metallurgy in 1870 and was called the University of Missouri–Rolla from 1964 through 2007.
The misuse of these tests become valueless and could cause harm to the individual or group that is taking these tests.
The mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission verified 27,000 Italian and 3,000 Slovene migrants, but only from Slovenian territory.
The mixed substance to be tested is added in a small amount and is slowed by certain chemical or physical activity with the chemicals in the chromatography column.
The mixtape caused controversy in March 2012 because of the track "American Wedding", which is a remake of "
The MKT is built on the Ford D4 platform and serves as the luxury counterpart to the Ford Flex and Explorer.
The MLS Cup Playoffs began on September 20.
The moat around Bodiam Castle is not very deep and could be drained by an attacking army, so was not very practical as a defence.
The MODE command is dual-purpose.
The models are mainly for pen computing.
The models from the Springfield Armory have dates of manufacture on the lockplate and have an eagle stamp with the word "Springfield".
The moderation was led by Josef Wiesinger, member of the state parliament.
The modern countries whose territory formerly made up Yugoslavia are still today sometimes called the "former Yugoslavia".
The modern district was made in 1993 by joining the old districts Kyritz, Neuruppin and Wittstock.
The modern form was started in 2006 by a team of linguists.
The modern game starts with these changes.
The modern historical region of Parspatunik is located on the territory of the Iranian region Arasbaran(Karadag) and was abandoned by the majority of the Armenian population during the repatriation period 1946-1947.
The modern Natchez Trace Parkway also passes through the city.
The modified waves are sent by an antenna to another antenna at the receiver which extracts the information from the waves.
The monarch was also the king of the dominions, as they were called.
The monkey is medium-sized.
The monks have repeatedly said that they only brew enough beer to run the monastery.
The monks process farther, and a voice from heaven promises peace in the world to come.
The monster of the labyrinth that chased Percy all the way to Camp Half-Blood.
The Montedio Yamagata is evolving.
The month spans 29 or 30 days.
The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of convert.
The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of convert.
The month with the most precipitation on average is August with convert of precipitation.
The month with the most precipitation on average is January with convert of rainfall, followed by October with convert.
The Montreux Jazz Festival, annually in July since 1967.
The monument also has an underground museum.
The moon is very faint, about one one-hundred-thousandth as bright as Pluto.
The Moon's atmosphere is very thin so its sky is always black, as in the case of Mercury.
The Moon thus tends to "stretch" the Earth slightly along the line connecting the two bodies.
The Moor and Petrushka both love The Ballerina, but she likes The Moor.
The Mora was much faster than the other ships.
The more clearly we know where the ball was halfway toward home place, the more trouble the batter will have in getting ready to hit it with his bat.
The more he finds on his father's work, the more he realizes the consequences if it is used by the wrong people.
The more moderate group, the Mensheviks (meaning "those of the minority") were led by Julius Martov.
The more spectators from the studio audience turned on, the brighter the cloud of light became.
The morphology of Opabinia regalis and the reconstruction of the arthropod stem-group.
The mortally wounded Lincoln was carried across the street to Petersen House, where he died the next morning.
The mosque has four floors, which consists of prayer hall, shop, meeting room, ablution room and office.
The mosque serves as the headquarters of the Chinese Muslim Youth League.
The most basic form of rounding is to replace an arbitrary number by an integer.
The most common brand name for controlled-release oxycodone is OxyContin.
The most common causes of miscarriage change depending on what trimester the mother is in. (Each trimester lasts about three months.
The most common European squirrels are red or brown in color, while common American squirrels are grey or black.
The most common is to not let anyone with less than 10 Honor in because this is the base level that everyone starts with.
The most commonly associated units then for specific heat are J/(g °C).
The most common problems with the meninges are caused by infections or bleeding in the meninges.
The most common religion is Hinduism, followed by Christianity and Islam.
The most common thing to happen is verbal abuse.
The most common type of grenade is the fragmentation grenade.
The most devastating floods in Moravia were 5–16 July 1997.
The most famous cultures are the Tapenken culture, the Beinan culture, and the Yuanshan culture.
The most famous example of this form of land service was provided by the guns accompanying the forces relieving Ladysmith.
The most famous is called the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone.
The most famous part of emo fashion is the emo hairstyle.
The most famous person in the history of holography is the physician Dennis Gábor, the inventor of the hologram.
The most famous traditional food of Korea, kimchi, is eaten with nearly every meal.
The most important band which was founded in the early 1960s were The Rolling Stones.
The most important difference the scientists saw was that the lungs had begun to grow new blood vessels.
The most important discovery is the discovery of ADAM.
The most important part of this fight was from 1895 to about 1898.
The most influential of those early attempts was led by Abraham Werner and others.
The most ironic aspect of his trial was that he had fabricated the alibi for the wrong date.
The most likely function is for display, signalling to members of its own species.
The most obvious is a contraction in bond lengths.
The most prominent new rider is Igor Astarloa, 2003 World Champion from Spain.
The most recent eruption, which started in 1934, is still ongoing.
The most recent version is the 2.65 litre XFE, used through 2007.
The most successful movies are "Strong World" and "One Piece Film Z".
The most used things on Discord are "Servers" and "Channels".
The most used words are short words.
The most well-known version is Cable, a large man with a mechanical arm.
The most widely spoken Portuguese creoles are the Cape Verdean Creole and Papiamento.
The most widespread species are the Common Clothes Moth (Tineola bisselliella), the Case-bearing Clothes Moth (Tinea pellionella) and the Carpet Moth (Trichophaga tapetzella).
The mother-offspring relationship as a template in social development: reconciliation in captive brown capuchins (Cebus apella).
The mother, who tried to protect him, is wounded, but not severely.
The motto was first used in 1550.
The mountain is the source of the Shiribetsu River.
The mountain range ends at the Straits of Hormuz.
The mouth is surrounded by a ring of cilia.
The mouth of the Lena River.
The move is usually done by lighter wrestlers to gain an advantage with their agility.
The movement began in the late 1960s.
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta is one of the largest militant groups in the Niger delta.
The movement succeeded the older movement called Movimiento para la Liberación del Sahara, which was active in the 1950s and 1960s.
The movie about Ariel and Eric's daughter Melody who wants to swim in the ocean but her parents will not allow her to.
The movie also set numerous records during its theatrical run.
The movie became the first — and so far, only —
The movie began being made in 2002, and is directed，produced and written by James Wong.
The movie covers Luther's life from his becoming a monk in 1505 to the Diet of Augsburg in 1530.
The movie Ecstasy was scandal at that time because she was bathing naked and runs through a wood also naked.
The movie ends with Victoria secretly watching the pair dancing, plotting revenge for her love.
The movie got a Jury Award from Bergen International Film Festival in 2004.
The movie had a lukewarm box office of $23.4 million against its $18 million budget.
The movie is a 1982 release.
The movie is about a man trying to steal jewels that belong to his wife.
The movie is about a woman named Jane being married to a bad man.
The movie is about the title character having a terrible day.
The movie is based on a Broadway musical of the same name.
The movie is based on the 1935 book Memory of Love by Bessie Breuer.
The movie is based on the 1940 book of the same name by Walter Van Tilburg Clark.
The movie is based on the book "Behind the Mask of Tutankhamen" by Barry Wynne.
The movie is based on the book by William Heath.
The movie is based on the book Wild Calendar by Libbie Block.
The movie is based on the musical of the same name by Albert E. Lewin.
The movie is based on the short story Your Arkansas Traveler by Budd Schulberg.
The movie is famous for Chaney's horrific, self-applied make-up.
The movie is mostly about the relationship between Charles and Julia.
The movie is the 3rd highest-grossing movie in the world with $1,081,041,287 worldwide.
The movie looks at underage drinking and college partying.
The movie lost money because some light-up advertising devices caused a bomb scare in Boston.
The movie opened in 1,850 theaters worldwide.
The movie received mixed reviews.
The movie received positive reviews from critics, receiving praise for its acting, direction, screenplay, musical score, and production values; but it was also criticized by some critics for being "over-sentimental" and "stereotypical."
The movie shows a motorist and two women.
The movie's music was supervised by Carole Childs.
The movie starred Niall MacGinnis as Luther.
The movie started shooting in 2015 and recorded Lee’s training process and several competitions.
The movie takes place after the show's third season finale "Magical Mystery Cure" and is about Twilight Sparkle entering the human world to get back her magical crown after it was stolen by Sunset Shimmer.
The movie uses stylized sets with abstract, jagged buildings painted on canvas backdrops.
The movie was a critical and commercial success, with many critics highlighting its visual style, humor, voice acting, and heartwarming message.
The movie was also seen at the Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival during 2011 in France.
The movie was darker than 2001 and was originally released with an "X" motion picture rating in the US.
The movie was difficult and expensive to make.
The movie was made at Walt Disney Studios.
The movie was nominated for nine Oscars at the 55th Academy Awards, including Best Picture.
The movie was one of the biggest hits of 2017.
The movie was produced by TSG Entertainment and Chernin Entertainment.
The movie was released in April 1997.
The movie was released on August 10, 2012 to mixed reviews.
The movie was released on September 17, 2010 in North America.
The movie was released through Bontonfilm on 11 January 2001.
The movie was to be released in 2010, but on 8 March 2008, it was announced that the movie will be split into two parts; part one was released on 19 November 2010 and part two was released on 15 July 2011.
The movie was written and directed by David Ayer.
The MP3 player has controls built into the unit.
The MTR was quickly popular with the people of Hong Kong, so later they built more lines to cover more ground.
The much smaller living sloths are called "tree sloths".
The mucus will harden to keep the water it produces from escaping.
The multiple choice part is graded by a computer and the essays are scored by a group of teachers that do not teach at the student's school.
The multiracial lists of the Independent Socialist Republican Party (PRSI) wins in all four municipalities.
The mummy was unwrapped by Gaston Maspero on July 1, 1886.
The Munich U-Bahn uses three different kinds of trains.
The municipality covers an area of 17,131.5 km².
The municipality covers an area of 422 km², the island an area of 262 km².
The municipality has a population of 2,196 (31 August 2017).
The municipality includes the towns of Essen Centrum, Heikant, Horendonk, Wildert, Statie en Hoek.
The municipality is in the eastern part of the country, just to the south of the Cordillera Oriental (in English, "Eastern mountain range") in the region known as Llano Costero del Caribe (in English, "
The municipality (of which the urban area is a part,) has Sami and Norwegian as official languages.
The municipality unified in 1970 when the city of Juneau merged with the city of Douglas and the surrounding Greater Juneau Borough to form the current home rule municipality.
The Mureş runs through Transylvania from the east to the west.
The Murray-Darling Basin covers convert or approximately one-seventh (14%) of the total area of Australia.
The muscle is worked by a nervous mechanism called the "migrating motor complex".
The muscles are mostly to do with keeping the body upright and with walking and running.
The muscles of his face are pulled into the silly grin that people sometimes get when they are very frightened.
The muscular tails of shrimp can be eaten, and they are widely caught and farmed for human consumption.
The museum has about fifteen fully working tramcars.
The museum has art works and archaeological objects of Japan.
The museum includes 3 old houses from the 19 th century.
The Museum is currently undergoing renovation and will reopen in 2013.
The museum opened in 1948.
The museum's collection is made up of thousands of objects of Post-
The museum shows the history of the bicycle and cycling.
The museum was opened in 2009.
The museum was the first new national museum in Japan in over 100 years.
The museum writes that the vase displays a playfulness typical of Greek art.
The musical was about Kaoru Amane, a 17-year-old girl who she suffers from xeroderma pigmentosa, which forbids her from going out during the day.
The music has regular chops on the back beat (off-beat).
The music here feels unstable.
The Music Interview for SM The Ballad Vol. 2 Breath.
The music is usually also preset.
The music of Lucifugum was different and changed during the years.
The music of R. Carlos Nakai became popular in the 1980s.
The music they play is dance music.
The music video features Lopez dancing with masked dancers, including her then-boyfriend, Casper Smart.
The music video for the song has autobiographical elements, showing Gaga after she was dropped from Def Jam Records.
The music video is Cyrus performing with backup dancers throughout a museum.
The Muslim League under Jinnah’s leadership accepted both the plans.
The MVG Class C began service in 2002.
The myelin is like the insulator around the wire that keeps the signal strong by keeping it from moving out of the wire before the end.
The myths of the Ancient Romans are often called "Greco-Roman".
Then a copy was used for Albert Paine’s 1924 edition of the book.
The nagas are guardians of treasure and keepers of magic.
Then all the evils, those lively, winged beings, flew out of it.
The name "Barak" has derived from the Dimasa words 'Bra' & 'Kro'.
The name became popular and became his "official" name.
The name "Citadel" was given to it by the Spanish, who believed it was a fort.
The name comes from French, and translates as "living picture".
The name comes from the type genus Asclepias (
The name Commission can also mean the 25,000 people who work for the President and his team.
The name "cottage pie" was first used at the end of the 18th century.
The name France Square was established in 1959.
The name Freax came from joining up the English words "free" and "freak", and adding an X to the name because Unix has an X in its name.
The name is an anglicised from the Prakrit word dakkhin.
The name is derived from the Greek words thermos "hot" and statos "a standing".
The name is from ˤAbdullāh ibn-Ibāḍ at-Tamīmī.
The name is in a grammatically incorrect form; it should be called "Burns verkauft das Kraftwerk".
The name is somewhat misleading, since the jam or jelly used is specially made with less pectin, so that it does not "set" like jams and jellies manufactured for table use but has a consistency comparable to Bavarian cream.
The name is the longest place name in the United States.
The name Jamshid is originally a compound of two parts, Jam and shid, corresponding to the Avestan names Yima and Xšaēta, *Xšaitah meant "bright, shining" or "radiant".
The name "Jane Doe" is used for females.
The name Janet was later retired.
The name JAWA comes from the first two letters of words Janeček (factory owner) and Wanderer (factory name).
The name "Les Colocs" was made official in 1992 at the “Festival international d'été de Québec."
The name means "Devout Hospital of Mercy."
The name means "true beast tooth".
The name of his program was called Piper's Tune.
The name of the airport's Metro station is still "National Airport".
The name of the award, the “Ig Nobel Prize” (main main) is a pun on the word ignoble, an achievement “characterized by baseness, lowness, or meanness”, and is satirical social criticism that identifies absurd-sounding, yet useful research and knowledge.
The name of the capital, Digne, was changed to Digne-les-Bains in 1988 and on 13 April 1970 the department of Basses-Alpes was renamed Alpes-de-Haute-Provence.
The name of the engineer was Masaru Ibuka and the name of the physicist was Akio Morita.
The name of the Kurds is very old.
The name of the main character of the game is Orin, and he looks like Simon Belmont from the Castlevania games.
The name of the municipality can be translated as 'summer bay'.
The name of the province is from the Cuando and Cubango rivers.
The name of the town, San Carlos, was anglicized (turned into English) to become St. Charles.
The name of the Valley is Cauca because it is crossed by the Cauca River.
The name of woods is different every number, for example, No.1 wood is called "driver", No.2 is "brassey", No.3 is "spoon" and so on.
The name Paraves was coined by Paul Sereno in 1997.
The name "Principality of the Pindus" was used later to describe a similar idea which was discussed by members of the "Roman Legion" (1941-1943).
The name Shinkansen means "New Trunk Line".
The names of the letters are for the most part direct descendants of the Latin (and Etruscan) names through French.
The names on the list are for tribal groups of peoples and not for districts or regions they lived in. Three different revisions have been identified by historian David Dumville.
The name supposedly comes from the plant being still lush and green around Christmas.
The name Thespesius means wondrous one.
The name Turkwel is derived from the Turkana name for the river, Tir-kol, which means translates to a river that "withstands the wilderness".
The name was first used in 1917.
The name was in the top 100 most popular names for American girls until 1961.
The name was particularly popular between 1951 and 1991.
The name Yakutia is also used to refer to the same area.
The name "Zion" originally revolves around a certain area in the city.
The nannies have slightly longer horns.
The Napoleonic way of war was to spread out forces by the coming chance of fight, and concentrate forces at the most important time.
The Narrandera Wetland is a collection point for storm water run-off from the town.
The Narranderra-Leeton airport is 5 km west of town.
The narrators of her poems often speak of infatuations and love for various women.
The narrow fringed frog is also called the leaf green tree frog or leaf green river tree frog.
Then, as the bodies were taken away, two of the grand duchesses moved.
The national competition of “Marianne d'Or” rewards each year action, creativity, rigor, dedication and passion for local democracy in villages and towns in France.
The National Cultural Center Act of Congress in 1958 requires that its programming must be paid for through private money.
The National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) is an independent federal agency of the U.S. government.
The National Gallery of Australia estimates that he was born between 1913 and 1917.
The National Gallery of Australia estimates that he was born some time between 1913 and 1917.
The National Glass Centre is also there, next to the University of Sunderland’s new “St Peter’s Campus”.
The National Lyceum (São Tomé and Príncipe) and the University of São Tomé and Príncipe are the two colleges.
The nations are listed below with the date of each nation's Twenty20 International debut shown in brackets.
The nation's government declared a state of emergency on 20 February, which remained in place for 60 days.
The natural science of Aristotle was most popular in Western thought for 2,000 years.
The nature around Mošovce is really beautiful.
The nature of science is that the math is only a model of reality, and there is no guarantee that it is a correct model.
The nautical mile is used for sea or air travel.
The Navajo culture involves many different ceremonies.
The Navajo language is called Diné.
The Navajo Volcanic Field, in Volcanology in New Mexico, New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science Bulletin 18, p. 79–83.
The naval Battle of La Hogue in 1692 was fought off Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue near Barfleur.
The Naval History and Heritage Command is housed in a complex of buildings known as the Dudley Knox Center for Naval History.
The Navier–Stokes equations in their full and simplified forms help with the design of aircraft and cars, the study of blood flow, the design of power stations, the analysis of pollution, and many other things.
The Navigator has a niche with celebrities and the customized SUV scene.
The navy base was started in 1899 and merged with the air force base in 2010.
The Navy began using one of the first electronic computers in 1944.
The Nazarene fellowship was formed because of the idea that Jesus did not have to die on the cross.
The Nazis also persecuted people who were "German-blooded," but who the Nazis thought of as "social misfits" (aisoziale).
Then, decided celebrate the fairs so that they coincided with the carnivals under the name of Feria del Sol and like this was as in 1969 celebrated the first fair with three run of bulls the days 15, 16 and 17 February of said year.
Then Dorner tailed after a couple and killed them into their car on February 3, 2013.
The nearby Meidum pyramid is the only prominent tourist attraction in the area.
The nearest seaport, Thoothukudi Port, is located convert from Sivaganga, while the nearest airport, Madurai International Airport, is located convert from the town.
The needle-shaped leaves are grey-green to mid-green, but sometimes bluish-green and they are attached singly to long shoots and in dense cluster of 20-30 on short shoots.
The need to group them into a single list responds to the desire of simplicity.
The neighborhood began to divide along racial and economic class lines.
"The Neolithic period is one of remarkable changes in landscapes, societies and technologies, which changed a wild, forested world, to one of orderly agricultural production and settled communities on the brink of socially complex 'civilisation'.
The nephews return to the mansion with the map, but Scrooge holds them responsible for the disappearance of the boat and closes them again in the attic.
The nephews try to follow Uncle Scrooge but they are held by Duckworth in the Hall.
The Neptune Fountain is the largest of all the fountain pools in the gardens of Versailles.
The Neptunian rings are also positioned further from the planet.
The network could also be for sharing files so that they can be looked at on any computer in the network easily.
The New Adventures of Batman (1977), SuperFriends: The Legendary Super Powers Show (1985) and The Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians (1985).
The new album was released in October 1996.
The new city districts used to be rice fields and fish farms.
The new city was populated by a mix of local settlers, Athenians brought from the nearby city of Antigonia, Macedonians, and Jews (who were given full status from the beginning).
The newest is the Weston Library which opened in 2015, built from an overhaul of what the New Bodleian which dates from the 1930s.
The newest model came out on Nov 2020.
The new farmers in Illinois struggled to turn heavy, sticky prairie soil with cast iron plows designed for the light, sandy soil of Vermont.
The new FCA played its first game on 30 July 1969, when it met 1. FC Nuremberg in Augsburg in front of 13,000 and lost 3-0 in extra time.
The new girl (S3),she is a kanay who simillar to a witch so wants revenge and kisses Daniel.
The New Kingdom (1550–1077 BC) includes the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth dynasty of Egypt, from the 16th to the 11th century BC.
The new mosque building was reopened on September 1981.
The new name took effect on June 11, 2010, appearing on park maps and banners, but was first used in a commercial promoting World of Color a few days prior.
The new organization dismembered the technical inheritance of the old tangsudo in 1962.
The New Orleans Saints chose Bush with the second pick in the 2006 NFL Draft.
The new owners decided not to show wrestling anymore.
The new plane had convert Wright Twin Cyclone.
The "new reality" style uses designs of everyday life.
The new scenes include: a more graphic version of Bex's blinding of Oboe, a scene of Bex mock-raping his wife, and Bex performing a knife attack on Yeti's private parts).
The new Sharks program inherited Brooklyn's Division I and NEC memberships.
The new slayer has all of the power of the last Slayer as soon as she is chosen.
The news media focused aggressively on him as the presumed culprit.
The News of the World ended because of this on 7 July 2011. citation citation Many members of the News of the World were arrested by police for doing this.
The New York decision was particularly galling, as Klemperer had been engaged to conduct the first fourteen weeks of the New York Philharmonic's 1935-6 season.
The New York Public Library (NYPL) is a public library system in New York City.
The New York Times Company (August 16, 1976).
The next 28 names on the naming list are listed here along with their international numeric designation, if they are used.
The next day, Dovepaw makes a big blunder (mistake) and lets slip how she knew about the patrol being attacked.
The next day he told Elizabeth everything.
The next day it became a tropical storm and was called "Ivan".
The next day, scans positively identified the remains of Nanggala, and the loss of all 53 crew members on board was confirmed.
The next European Parliament Election will be held in 2014.
The next season, he played 37 matches.
The next step is putting them back in a pan to bring to a hot temperature.
The next two or three albums were not very good.
The next two years saw the international breakthrough of the team.
The next week, and for months after, many fans in the Raw audience brought signs which read, "Mick Foley put my ass in this seat!"
The next week the boy's girlfriend appeared at Todd's school with fifteen other people.
The next year, Billie had more hits.
The next year Enrique Fernández Arbós became conductor of the orchestra, and he stayed with them for more than 30 years.
The next year, she was in four episodes of the series Eli Stone.
The Neyveli Lignite Corporation was formed by the Government of India in 1956.
Then glucose would be given to bring them back out of the coma.
Then God calls his creation "very good."
The Ngorongoro lions are significantly inbred, with many genetic problems passed from generation to generation.
Then he became ill and decided to go to Vienna.
Then he married Barbara Käser in 1981.
Then he married Elaine Doyle from 1959 until his death in 2011, they had two sons and one daughter.
Then he married Margie Grier in 1972.
Then he served as a medical officer of the 2nd Battalion, The Royal Leicestershire Regiment.
Then, he swaggers along, growling, to scare off his rival.
Then he was married to Adele Hartley from March 2013 until his death.
Then he was married to Edy Williams from 1970 until they divorced in 1973.
Then he was married to Elizabeth Neece Wingate from 1979 until his death in 2015.
Then he was married to Hattie Jacques from 1949 until they divorced in 1965.
Then he was married to Irene Miller from 1963 until they divorced in 1987.
Then he was married to Tippy Stringer Huntly from 1980 until his death in 1994.
Then he was married to Virginia Nash Tatem from 1939 until his death in 1988.
Then he went to FK Austria Wien (then Wiener Amateur-SV till 1926).
Then he went to Madara.
The Nicobar islands include 22 islands of different sizes.
Then, if a living germ ever attacks the body, the patient's cells fight it off without having to learn what it is first.
Then if the player changes their choice, they will get a car.
The nihongo flows through the prefecture.
The nihongo is the name for all the shows produced by Tsuburaya Productions featuring Ultraman, his many Kyodai (Brothers), and the countless number of ultra beings and the Ultra Monsters.
Then I just converted it over into something people could understand a little bit more."
The Nilotic tribes are probably an offshoot of the Acholi.
Then, in 1865, Verdi made several changes to the opera in a revised version.
Then in 1895, she became a singer there.
Then in 1951, it was reestablished with the faculty of medicine as Tokyo Medical and Dental University.
Then in 1956 it was closed.
Then in 1968, Redwood National Park was created.
Then, in 1991, he moved into the United States Auto Club (USAC) series where he won the Rookie of the Year award.
Then in 1993 It was given unitary authority status, having the powers of both a borough and a county.
Then, in 2016, new members of the team appeared that helped to cement and disseminate the new footprints of Seres Produçōes for this new world of African Electronic Music.
The Ningthouja dynasty or the Mangang dynasty is one of the longest ruling clan dynasties in the world.
Then, in October 1944, the airmen were sent to Stalag Luft III, a regular POW camp.
The Nintendo 3DS and Wii U versions are separate games with different level designs.
The Nintendo 3DS version has more stages based on Nintendo's handheld video games.
The Nintendo designer Shigeru Miyamoto had created Mario (who used to be "
The Nintendo Switch has several accessories.
The Ninth Amendment, when mentioned, usually plays a secondary role in supporting a new right.
Then it dries in the sun into drops of hard resin.
Then it is discovered that Maggie has been watching Lisa so carefully that she could sense what the answers were.
Then king Bali asked the Lord to keep his third feet on his (Bali) head!
Then known as Katy Hudson, she released a Christian album named after herself.
Thenmala is the first planned eco-tourism centre in India.
Then Marty and the family got the dog and everything went back to normal.
The noble George came to her rescue and killed the Dragon.
The noble savage is an old term.
The nodes that connect the networks in between are gateways.
"The non-linear relationship between body size and function in parrotfishes."
The Nordertor stamps were sold over 3 billion times.
The Norfolk Airport Authority runs the airport.
The Normal Difficulty of the North American version was also lowered to match the Japanese version.
The Norman conquest was an important change in English history.
Then, or seven years, Tipton lived with a young woman named Betty Cox.
The Northeast Division was dissolved as the league realigned into two conferences with two divisions each.
The northern area, controlled by Turkish Cypriots, exists as a unilaterally proclaimed "
The northern part of the Afar Depression is also known as the Danakil Depression.
The northern part of the municipality, and part of the city, is on the Cordillera Central mountain range and the climate is cooler and it rains more than in the city itself.
The Northern pike (
The Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory are usually treated as states.
The North Fork of the Crow River was named by the Ojibwe Indians for the bird they called the "marauder of newly planted corn."
The North German Confederation introduced the metric system, a modern penal code (Strafgesetzbuch), same rights for all denominations, a postal union etc. Hans-Ulrich Wehler: Deutsche Gesellschaftsgeschichte, vol.
The North won control of almost all of the Mississippi River by capturing the cities along the river in the fall of 1862 and the spring of 1863.
The Norwegian crime writer and glacier expert Monica Kristensen has written a novel set in Svalbard entitled Operation Fritham.
The nose speaks very confidently, like a person of high rank.
The Nouvelle-Aquitaine region is the largest region of France with an area of convert.
The novel is a collection of short stories.
The novel is a variation on the theme of "scientist meddling with nature comes to grief".
The novel was nominated as the best crime novel of the year in Sweden, the Netherlands and France.
Then, patients can more effectively recover with a less total cost and shorter time.
Then Pauline fell in love with Hemingway.
Then periods with weak rulers followed.
Then plaster was put over the wax, and the wax was removed, leaving a mould.
Then she called another roommate, Filomena R., and said that there were drops of blood in the house and that Kercher did not answer her phone.
Then she is called back by her father.
Then she was married to Diourka Medveczky until they divorced.
Then she was married to Edgar L. McCoubrey from 1990 until her death in 1999.
Then ten of the bikers from the beginning come in and shoot the bar with the crossbow.
Then the block starts to slide.
Then the cake is taken out of the oven and placed on a cooling stand.
Then the chocolate maker mixes different ingredients together to make the different kinds of chocolate.
Then the form is removed and the new nail shaped and buffed to a shine.
Then the good man has to decide between protecting his wife or doing a bad crime.
Then the player works out a sequence of moves.
Then the river flows south to the Congo at Liranga.
Then the Romans rebuilt the city, and London became an important trading hub.
Then these people, Shishigami, Eboshi and her people, San and Ashitaka started and were involved in huge complicated war for the forest.
Then the woman heads over to a group of people to discover them gathered around a man who's tank broke and he is dying now.
Then they close their beaks and the tips push the scales apart.
Then they close their mouth and squeeze out the seawater.
Then they insert one or more eggs into the host or deposit them upon the host externally.
Then they planned the creation, and the growth of the trees and the thickets and the birth of life and the creation of man.
Then they recorded three songs for a C/Z Records compilation album of grunge music by Soundgarden and five other bands, which was called Deep Six and was released in March 1986.
Then, they started to fire their guns.
Then they study what the words mean and how people use them.
Then they visit houses door to door, scolding children who may be guilty of laziness or bad behavior.
The nudity will be covered with black blank.
The numbering system G.B. Sowerby I, II, or III helps.
The number is then scaled so it can be compared to one hundred.
The number of branches and the arrangement of the thecae are important features in the identification of graptolite fossils.
The number of or persons among Jesus' disciples is not always given in the gospel accounts.
The number of passengers using Busan subway is about 263,574,000 a year (2009. It means that average 722,000 people use Busan subway everyday.
The number of people that select each choice is recorded.
The number of sex crimes reported to police increased 9%.
The number of teeth of each type is written as a dental formula for one side of the mouth, or quadrant, with the upper and lower teeth shown on separate rows.
The number reached 8.29 million by the end of 2012.
The numbers of cars sold went down to less than 600 a year in 1918.
The Nurse joins in. Then Boris comes in. He tells him to concentrate on his lesson.
The Nurse shark has nasoral grooves, but there is no perinasal groove.
The Nursing School closed in 1979.
Then you can widen out the top by using a countersink drill bit.
Then you would arrange for 30% of the total sample to be male graduates picked at random, and 70% of the total to be male non-graduates.
Theobald has been called "the first Shakespeare scholar."
The O'Bannon Publishing Company prints the Corydon Democrat', a weekly newspaper.
The oceanic whitetip shark has also been observed eating garbage that is disposed of at sea.
The oceanic whitetip shark is mainly solitary and swims slowly, and is usually seen cruising near the top of the water column, covering large amounts of empty water, searching for prey or any food source.
The ocean is dragged back hundreds of feet.
The ocelli are on the top of the beetle’s head.
Theodore Long made a Battle Royal for the vacant title.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Naval War of 1812 (New York; London: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1900), p. 208 Under cover of darkness the Americans surprised the British in their camp.
Theodore von Kármán was one of the people who tried to learn what caused the collapse.
The Odyssey with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, PH.
The offer was at first refused.
The office is having been occupied for a little more than 11 years out of the 73 years since its establisment.
The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) is the largest office within the Executive Office of the President of the United States (EOP).
The officer also decides how long the visa is valid for.
The office records the owner of land and legal rights over land.
The officer's fusil was much better made.
The officers grabbed her to physically recover the paper.
The office was created by the Constitution Act of 1919.
The office was created in the Constitution of 1854.
The office was established in 1811 by the First National Congress of Chile.
The office was formally established by the Constitution of Greece in 1975.
The official date of state adoption of Christianity is 301. citation.
The official name is People's Republic of China.
The official name is The Mengniu Yoghurt Super Girl Contest, after the company that sponsored the show.
The official name of Virginia is the Commonwealth of Virginia.
The Official Opposition usually criticizes the official cabinet.
The official sponsored name of the event is currently the Pacific Life Open.
The Official Website of the Republic of the Philippines.
Theo Gmur won a gold medal in the men's downhill standing race.
The Oh-My-God particle was a really tiny portion of matter or energy (undefined) moving incredibly fast.
The old 1972 Stock were used on the Northern Line.
The old bridge was replaced by the current one in 1937.
The oldest building is Chichester Cathedral.
The oldest idea of where intellectual disability came from was in ancient Greece.
The oldest known archaeological linga as an icon of Shiva is the Gudimallam lingam from 3rd-century BCE.
The oldest known flags of Bahrain were plain red.
The oldest of these is called the Elder Fuþark, used from about 150 to 800 CE.
The oldest sections of the Chicago "L" started operations in 1892, making it the second-oldest rapid transit system in the Americas, after New York City's elevated lines.
The oldest, such as the Brhadaranyaka Upanishad and Chandogya Upanishad, may be as old as 8th century BC, while the youngest, depending on the specific Upanishad, may date to the medieval or early modern period.
The Old Town (Polish: Stare Miasto) is located on the river Elbląg connecting Lake Drużno to the Vistula Lagoon, about 10 km (6 mi) from the lagoon and 60 km (37 mi) from Gdańsk.
The Oman Olympic Committee was formed and recognized in 1982.
The one bomb that hit the bridge did not explode.
The one in the overworld is replaced with Wrinkly's Retreat.
The only building left was the saloon.
The only claims (
The only exceptions are Unterentfelden and Eppenberg-Wöschnau to the south, whose places are divided from Aarau by the large forests of Gönhard and Zelgli.
The only other horse to win these races was Mill Reef.
The only painting of James I. Painted in the 1500's.
The only parts of them that exist are an outline and a few fragments of two of the novels.
The only thing that should be different is the slight change the animator makes to the object.
The only way to stop the flood is to starve them to death,and that's exactly what Halo is designed to do; wipe the galaxy clean of all sentient life.
The only way to win is by pinfall or submission inside the ring.
The only way to win the match was to beat up the opponent so much that they could not answer the referee's ten-count.
Theon of Alexandria wrote a complex book on the astrolabe.
The Oort cloud is made up of an inner Oort cloud and an outer Oort cloud.
The opening of said Barangay High School was based on the provision of RA 6050, otherwise known as the Barrio High School.
The opening tempo is allegro agitato.
The Opera house is the major cultural heritage of the Amazonas.
The opera is very similar to the story told by Shakespeare, but Verdi uses a large chorus of witches instead of just three.
The opera played in New York in 1859.
The operating system is responsible for several tasks including providing a user interface (UI).
The operation cdr returns everything in the list except for the first thing.
The Operative gets there also and they fight.
The opera was Gounod's greatest success.
The opposite is wanting others to be unhappy: anger, hatred.
The opposite of random mating is assortative mating.
The oppositional forces wanted the documents to be kept, and so they occupied all the Stasi offices in the country in December 1989 and January 1990.
The Oracle of Baseball is based on the Oracle of Bacon website.
The orbital module is also called the Habitation section.
The orchestra members do not have to dress up in ties and jackets because they cannot be seen anyway.
The orchestra played extremely well that night.
The orchestra's music director is called the "Staatskapellmeister".
The order had been asked to start this Catholic Secondary Boys' College by the then Archbishop of Melbourne, Dr. Daniel Mannix.
The Order is the highest decoration in France and is divided into five degrees: Chevalier (Knight), Officier (Officer), Commandeur (Commander), Grand Officier (Grand Officer) and Grand Croix (Grand Cross).
The order of search results (ghits for Google hits) on Google's search-results pages is based, in part, on a priority rank called a "PageRank".
The Orders in Council against trade which Perceval had written in 1807 became unpopular.
The Ordinance provided that the territory would be formed into "not less than three nor more than five States".
The Oregon dispute was an important factor in determining the physical shape of British Columbia, and as the political impetus for British investment in protecting her lands in British Columbia.
The organisers says Twicket was the first village cricket match ever to be streamed online.
The organization believes that animals must not be used for human benefits in any way and that they “should not be exploited.”
The organization focuses on biodynamic farming methods in Egypt.
The organization has been depicted in many books, movies, and TV serials.
The organization now helps 5000 people a year.
The organization set up by the treaty was the International Bureau of Weights and Measures.
The organization was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Chelsea with additional offices located in Dubai and Kazakhstan.
The organizers gave the three designs to the children, but they did not tell the children that they were for the Olympics.
The organizers gave wrestling coaches soft dolls of Vinicius.
The organizers had expected popular support for their action.
The organs that Buxtehude played were very large instruments with bright sounds (bright mixtures, reeds and a “Zimbalstern” which was a star which went round and round, making a tinkling sound).
The original American version started airing on October 19, 2004.
The original arrangement was a legacy of the intention to use cable haulage, and would have simplified operations if that method had been used.
The original building of the mosque was a small mosque besides a cemetery at 7 Seymore Street.
The original building of the mosque was built in 1890 during the British Hong Kong government as the Mohammedan Mosque on a piece of land rented by the government in 1850.
The original church was built at the end of the 6th century.
The original company name, Soshoma, was changed to Loop AI Labs in 2015 after the company decided to change its focus from consumer-oriented to enterprise.
The original design was by Antonio da Sangallo the Younger and Bastiano da Sangallo aka Aristotile da Sangallo), and included the Porta Marzia (3rd century BC), the tower of Gentile Baglioni's house and a mediaeval cellar.
The original logo of only words was replaced.
The original model became well known for its styling that divided opinion before it was facelifted in 2004.
The original name of the town was Santa Cruz de Icayagua, also written as Hicayagua.
The original office building of the brewery, the "Rietz'sche Haus" built in 1701, is still in use today.
The original overall classification of the page, "top secret", and the Special Intelligence code word "umbra," are shown at top and bottom.
The original small Lake Pedder was flooded with the building of a dam on the Gordon River for hydroelectricity.
The original title of the poem is, "The New-England Boy's Song About Thanksgiving Day".
The original Vault which requires 10 user coins, The Vault of Secrets which requires 50 diamonds, and the Chamber of Time which requires the Master Emblem.
The original work by Cassiodorius was lost, Getica is the only surviving contemporary account about the Goths.
The origin of Pluto's orbit: implications for the Solar System beyond Neptune.
The origin of these spores was discovered in the 19th century, when a biologist noticed, under the microscope, a small, round, bright body inside bacterial cells.
The origin of the term dyke is obscure.
The origins and meaning of the heads are mysterious, and they are the subject of much speculation among scholars and archaeologists.
The origins of the second world war (1991 ed.).
Theorists propose that stressful events trigger cognitive and affective responses which, in turn, induce sympathetic nervous system and endocrine changes.
The Oriya youths plunged headlong into the noncooperation movement being addicted to her war songs.
The Orrefors glassworks are located there.
The Osama bin Laden I know: an oral history of al Quaeda's leader.
The Oscar fish is a smart species of fish.
The other 5% is owned by Gen Fukunaga, who is one of Funimation's founders.
The other axis is curved in a north south direction.
The other branch flowing north from Rigu joins it at Astore.
The other cities here are capitals of autonomous communities.
The other co-leader is Lorna Slater.
The other is Schelten.
The other kinds of welding that do not use an arc are hard to do, and usually new.
The other line led to all modern cellular RNA polymerases.
The other Nordic countries still use their own money, called krone or krona (from the word "crowns").
The other people in the match and commentators did not know that he was a participant in the match until the pin and he was given the belt.
The other places on The Lesser Polish Way are: Klimontów, Szczaworyż, Wiślica, and Więcławice.
The other problem is exclusive culture in Ko-pas.
The other reason is because of water getting bigger when it gets warmer.
The other states in the area started on the coast and grew inland.
The other team can defuse that bomb in a limited time.
The other three legions were also led by high-ranking men.
The other three polyhedra with this property are the pentagonal dipyramid, the snub disphenoid, and an irregular polyhedron with 12 vertices and 20 triangular faces.
The other two are with Lockwood.
The other two river has their sources in the Pyrenees.
The other type has atoms that want electrons (called the p-side).
The Otosi or Ofo Eze is a very powerful swagger always left in the authority of traditional Ruling and Royal Kindreds.
The Ottomans early in the war performed better than expected.
The OTV program builds on industry and government investments by DARPA, NASA and the Air Force.
The outer circle of this seal carries the words "The Great Seal of the State of Mississippi".
The outer three tepals are narrower.
The Outland Trophy was named after him.
The output from these devices is input for the computer.
The output of an AND gate is on only if both inputs are on.
The outside of the cell has a hair-like trigger.
The overall appearance is that of a thick disk.
The overall climate is arid, and the city experiences very little rainfall, especially in summer, but receives a fair amount of rain in March and April.
The overhead serve the most common form.
The overture would usually include tunes that are going to be heard later in the opera.
The owl has swooped down and is seizing its prey in its talons.
The owner of a bingo club is allowed to charge an entrance fee and also a "participation fee" (a fee to be allowed to take part in the bingo game).
The owner of the Eagles is Rakuten, an IT company.
The owner reported the problem to his friend who was a British Officer.
The Oxford English Dictionary dates the origin of the word "scientist" to 1834.
The oxytocin then causes the muscles of the uterus to contract, or squeeze.
The package manager handles all the packages on the system, and does installation, removal, upgrades, and more.
The Packers improved to a 7 5 regular season record in 1959.
The packing room at Bournville, circa 1903.
The Padmashalis basically perform Brahmin rites and even today a group who are qualified as agama shastra pandits perform the poojas and vedic rites.
The page opposite this page is called the op-ed page (opposite the editorial); and has opinion pieces by writers not employed by the publication.
The pages are put inside a book covering, then attached to the spine (closed edge of the book) by sewing or glueing.
The pain is usually around the navel (belly button) area, which is called the periumbilical area.
The pain is usually present in the lower abdomen on the left side.
The painters Frans Courtens and Alfred Bastien also encouraged Delvaux.
The painting is a development of the small vase of roses on the bar in Manet's The Bar at the Folies-Bergère.
The paintings featured in her solo show in Melbourne were all related to this particular Dreaming.
The painting shows the authors of the four "Gospels" in the New Testament.
The painting was rejected by the jury of the Paris Salon in 1866.
The pair was together until X-Pac attacked Kane in 2000.
The palace gives its name—Whitehall—to the road on which many of the buildings of the UK government now stand.
The palace is on the western edge of the Styrian capital of Graz in the Eggenberg (Graz) district.
The palace, situated a few steps down the arcade, is now in a dilapidated condition.
The Palisades Sill as seen from the Palisades Interstate Parkway.
The Pallavas had the more difficult existence of the two as they had to fight on two fronts - against the Pandyas as wells as the Chalukyas.
The Pallavas were at their finest during the reigns of Narasimhavarman I and Pallavamalla Nandivarman II.
The pamphlet was one of the bestselling works of the 18th century in America.
The Pandora was able to capture the mutineers left on Tahiti, but could find no sign of the group that was hiding on Pitcairn.
The panel tried to figure out the contestants' "secrets".
The paper sold on Monday to Friday is called the Samoa Observer, the paper sold on Saturdays is the Weekend Observer, and the one on Sundays is the Sunday Samoan.
The paper was banned and Ragıp Zarakolu was shortly imprisoned in 1982 because of his link to Demokrat.
The PAP won 83 seats with the Workers' Party winning 10. This was the largest opposition since 1966.
The paramedic then called Memorial Hospital to tell them that they have a shooting victim and that they could not insert an IV.
The parasite can withstand the counter-attack by the immune system.
The parents checked on the children every so often, until it was discovered Madeleine was missing at 22:00.
The Parinacota province has an area of convert.
The Paris Commune also used the calendar in 1871.
The parish church of Bodmin was built in the 15th century and is the second largest church in the county after Truro Cathedral.
The parishes for church use continued unchanged as ecclesiastical parishes.
The parish name derives from Saint Branwalader.
The park also administers the nearby Minuteman Missile National Historic Site.
The park is also called Valle de la Luna ("Valley of the Moon") due to its otherworldly appearance.
The park stretches from Irving Park Road on the south to Berteau Avenue between Central and Long Avenues.
The park used to have a large Hidden Mickey in the plaza at the end of Hollywood Boulevard which could be seen in aerial photographs of the park and on the park's early guide maps.
The Park was set up on June 27, 1955 as part of Alberta's 50th Jubilee Year.
The park welcomes visitors and gives talks about the history of the boom shacks site.
The Parliament Building is where the Federal Council meets in the Hofburg.
The Parliament represents the citizens through an elected body of Members of Parliament (MPs).
The Parnassius butterfly larvae make a flimsy cocoon for pupation and they pupate near the ground surface between debris.
The parrot cage is embellished with porcelain flowers and is indicative of Du Barry's taste.
The part of the Fowey Valley between Doublebois and Bodmin Parkway railway station is known as the Glynn Valley (from Glynn House, Cardinham).
The parts were falled at the 51 places in the Indian subcontinent area.
The party nominated incumbent Republican President Abraham Lincoln and for Vice President Democrat Andrew Johnson, who were elected in an electoral landslide.
The party organizes various struggles for the public related issues.
The party's main principle is the abolition of the Hindu caste system and the institution of equality among Tamil people.
The Party took the name Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1952.
The party was ultimately destroyed by the question of whether to allow the expansion of slavery to the territories.
The Pas, Manitoba, is still affected by this event.
The pass is located in North Sikkim.
The pass on the Ladakh Range is north of Leh and is the gateway to the Shyok and Nubra valleys.
The Paternoster Gang is a group that includes Silurian Madame Vastra (Neve McIntosh), her wife Jenny Flint (Catrin Stewart), and Sontaran commander Strax (Dan Starkey).
The path was opened on May 16, 1970 by Wynford Vaughan-Thomas.
The patients must be able to understand what is happening and decide for themselves that death is what they want.
The patient was a 14-year-old boy named Mickey.
The patient was an elderly woman who had been hospitalized two days before.
The paw was set by the ship's doctor.
The Payload game mode has the offensive team pushing a cart with a bomb on it along a track while the defending team tries to stop them.
The PCC (Presidents' Conference Committee) streetcar (
The PC version is called Little Britain: The Computer Game.
The Peace of Riga, or The Treaty of Riga, (
The peace process has been smooth since then.
The peace treaty of Versailles demanded the "questioning" of the local population about their political status.
The peak is the time when they had the strongest emotion.
The peak of doo-wop was in 1961.
The Peche river system is fed from glaciers and snow.
The pedagogical value of a student-run community-based experiential learning project: the Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine Public Health Screening.
The penetrating partner inserts their penis from behind.
The peninsula is only accessible by boat.
The Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School (also known as PA Cyber) is an online school, made as an alternative to regular schooling.
The Pennsylvania German dialect was widely spoken in Pennsylvania until the 20th century.
The pentavalent impurity that is added is called a 'dopant' and the process of addition is called 'doping'.
The penthouse houses meeting space.
The peony or paeony (Paeonia) is the only genus in the flowering plant family Paeoniaceae.
The people choose the legislature.
The people from the province are called Cachapoalino (women: Cachapoalina).
The people ignored the order to stop, so the General gave the signal of fire with rifles and cannons, resulting in a massacre of innocent people.
The people living here speak the Quechua language.
The people of Malta were very happy that the British did this, and wanted Britain to rule it.
The people of Quahog act bad to Brian.
The people of Tanawal thus had little or no contact with other places for a long period and remained ignorant and backward.
The people of that time relied on primitive accounting methods to record the growth of crops and herds.
The people polled say who they think is the most promising new music talent.
The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, Dutch: Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie (shortened VVD), is a Dutch political party.
The People's United Party (PUP) uses the color blue.
The people under an imperial government may be forced to buy products from that government or from that government's industries.
The people who make shampoo try to make it smell nice.
The people who sit in the House of Lords are called peers.
The people who work in libraries are librarians.
The percentage of Muslim population over 36% (one of the largest among the cities of India).
The perfect prosodic word in Danish.
The performance won her great acclaim from the public and critics alike, and it made her an overnight sensation.
The perfume comes in many scents.
The period is known as the Dutch Golden Age.
The period of time for advertising a movie only a few weeks before it is released.
The permeability of most materials is very close to 1. That means that the permeability of most materials is close enough that we can typically ignore it and use the permeability of free space instead.
The Persian Empire is the most powerful.
The Persian soldiers have a stern look.
The person may be an imposter (someone who is pretending to be someone else).
The person or people writing the text seem to have been fluent in the language.
The person should follow any instructions they get from the emergency operator or their doctor.
The person who reads the Torah scroll stands there when he reads.
The person who wins the most money has a chance to win Bully's special prize.
The person who works the puppet and makes it move is called a puppeteer.
The Pfalz D.III was often used to attack observation balloons.
The phenomenon was first reported on the Brocken."
The Philippine Marine Corps is considered the shock force of the armed forces and is the first unit to be involved in any amphibious or seaborne clashes.
The Philippines is the only Asian country that conserves some identifiably Hispanic influences in its culture and Spanish loanwords in the native languages.
The photograph shows the step-like character of these formations, called traps.
The photosystem ll is found in the thylakoid membranes of chloroplasts.
The photovoltaic effect was first noticed by Alexandre-Edmond Becquerel in 1839.
The phrase "father of Mike" means the father that is being mentioned is Mike's father.
The phrase "green around the gills" is an expression implying that the person is nauseated.
The phrase means "the god from the machine".
The phrases most-substituted and least-substituted are often used to describe molecules and predict their products.
The phylogenetic relationships of flies in the family Drosophilidae deduced from mtDNA sequences.
The phylum Cnidaria: a review of phylogenetic patterns and diversity 300 years after Linnaeus.
The Physical Review was followed by Reviews of Modern Physics in 1929 and by Physical Review Letters in 1958.
The picture quality is similar to Laserdisc or DVD.
The picture to the right shows a voltaic pile: it's a pile, or "stack" of discs, made from 3 different materials.
The pieces will change every two years (or with some instruments every four years).
The pigment carmine is used in the manufacture of artificial flowers, paints, rouge, yogurt, cosmetics, food additives, and crimson ink.
The pigs, who are the most intelligent animals, begin planning a rebellion.
The Pill can be used for other things besides contraception.
The pipes are arranged in "ranks" so that all the pipes of the same shape and material can be controlled to play a tune together, without all the others.
The pistol was made first by Colt Manufacturing but was produced by many other companies during World War II.
The Pixar Story by Leslie Iwerks, 2007 documentary Later, in 1997 he took his son for a walk in the park, but found that he was over protecting him constantly and lost an opportunity to have any "father-son experiences" on that day.
The place is owned by John Avery Whittaker.
The place where there is a black hole can be found by tracking the movement of stars that orbit somewhere in space.
The plain had some large hills.
The plane later returned to service.
The plane started to slowly fill with water and sink.
The Planet Express crew stayed at a camp, where Bigfoot is known to be seen.
The planets are composed of material quite different from the Sun.
The plan had a new road design to minimise traffic: the Trinary Road System.
The planners and economists had thought that these changes would lead to a faster economic development.
The plan seemingly works and Tarzan leads the explorers to the gorilla nesting grounds.
The plant can be found in swampy habitats and other areas that provide enough water.
The plant can reach a height of convert.
The plant is locally called "long haired thing".
The plants under the canopy must be able to live with very little sunlight.
The plan was now ready to be executed.
The plan was to get legside deflections that could be caught by one of several fielders on the leg side.
The plaque survived the 2011 tsunami.
The plasma wake is more turbulent at Rhea than Tethys, so its shadow is not as clear cut.
The plateau is cut through with deep valleys.
The platelets take part in blood clots when injury occurs.
The player begins to get involved in the club and getting to know the girls better.
The player can explore the town before having Kris go home to bed.
The player can get different sounds by plucking in different parts of the string.
The player can play as all four members of the Fantastic Four with up to two players.
The player can play as either Spidey or Venom.
The player defeats the robot, and activates the Halo.
The player gets points for how many stones they catch.
The player got 750 points per instance of their letter.
The player is shown how well he or she did at the end and is given a rank.
The player must also sometimes solve puzzles to find the way through the level.
The player must place objects within a time limit.
The player that was in the game comes off the court and the player that was sitting on the bench goes inside the game.
The player uses mallets (beaters), either one or two in each hand.
The player uses these Kirbys to defeat enemies and solve puzzles.
The play had been advertised as Wozzeck because people could not read Büchner’s handwriting.
The play is about four confused young lovers, a group of clumsy workmen, the royal court of Duke Theseus, and the royal fairy court of King Oberon and Queen Titania.
The play opens as 'Rita' meets her tutor, Frank, for the first time.
The play responds to the rejection of Fielding's early plays and was his first success.
The play tells of Medea avenging her husband's betrayal by killing their children.
The play was first performed between 1592 and 1593.
The play was printed again a few times.
The plot involves Zoey wanting to do a documentary movie about the local national park.
The plot revolves around the love story of two special people, Jheel (Shweta Bhattacharya) and Sanju (Shubhankar Saha).
The plover has been known to attack when the young are threatened.
The plural is used here because, with most genes, the splicing process produces more than one final working protein.
The poaching menace was dramatically reduced.
The Pocket is usually a Heavy, Soldier, or Demoman due to their large health and firepower.
The poem had been set to music and was performed at teachers'
The poem plays an important symbolic role as part "Ligeia."
The poems are about the lives and the tragic ends of historical figures.
The poems are often noted for their musicality, poetical beauty and depth of thought.
The poems he wrote during his captivity were published in 1990.
The poem was called Ode an die Freude (in English: Ode to Joy).
The point at which the child has a 50 percent chance of surviving is called limit of viability.
The point is that other kinds of money have been used.
The police did not really care.
The police got evidence from CCTV cameras and from the victim's mobile phone.
The police is not helping Lila enough.
The police seemed to be unable to stop the gang.
The policy, with the slogan "Just The Ticket", meant that only one ticket was needed for London Transport bus and Underground services.
The Polish-Lithuanian Union when it was largest.
The politics of American English, 1776 1850.
The poll ended with over 450,000 votes in favor of the servers; this meant it would not require an additional subscription and would have a small development team.
The poll was about people's wish of who will become the next leader of DMK.
The polynomial is then "encoded" by its evaluation at various points, and these values are what is actually sent.
The poor liked Evita Peron a lot.
The popular things they sold were gold and salt.
The population density is 214 persons per square mile.
The population density was very low and so far only two localities of this lower Palaeolithic culture have been found in south India.
The population has since decreased to 430 in 1910 and around 360 today.
The population is 80,009 from the 2006 census but the city's peak population was in 1970 when the population was 100,216.
The population is around 3,039 people.
The population is currently 28,798 as of April 2018.
The population of Bolivia is approximately 10,907,778 people.
The population of Native Americans and British settlers had very little in common.
The population of New South Wales at the end of June 2007 was 6.89 million people.
The population of Oakville was 182,520 in 2011. citation The mayor of Oakville is Rob Burton.
The population of Peterborough was 45,965 in 2006.
The population of Princeton as of 2006 is 2,677.
The population of Shillong was 314,610 in 2001.
The population of the island is around 107, and about 30 families are living in Marado.
The population of the region was 23,311 (1 October 2007).
The population was 10,227 at the 2010 census.
The population was 11,054 at the 2010 census.
The population was 11,896 as of the 2010 census.
The population was 1,628 at the 2010 census.
The population was 1,650 at the 2010 census.
The population was 17,612 at the 2010 census.
The population was 183 at the 2010 census.
The population was 215 at the 2010 census.
The population was 285 at the 2009 census.
The population was 310 at the 2010 census, citation making it the smallest village in Texas.
The population was 33,109 at the 2010 census.
The population was 3,418 in the 2010 census, an increase from 2,344 in 2000 census.
The population was 36,242 at the 2010 census.
The population was 4,001 at the 2010 census.
The population was 513 at the 2010 census.
The population was 5,500 at the 2012 census.
The population was 6,127 in 2019.
The population was 6,625 at the 2000 census.
The population was 791 at the 2010 census.
The population was 8,962 at the 2010 census.
The portal to Treasure Planet is opened, and the group discover the planet is a giant space station which Flint commandeered in order to store his loot.
The port handles the most of the country's trade with other countries.
The "Portman Stand" was built in 1971.
The portrait is half of a pair of pendent portraits.
The Portuguese are funny.
The positive reception of robots there may be partly because of the famous cartoon robot, 'Astroboy'.
The possible disease outbreak soon became known nationwide including that of the National Health Commission (NHC) in Beijing who sent experts to Wuhan on the following day.
The possum has done a lot of damage to the native plants, animals and birds.
The Postal code or PIN of Kanglatongbi is 795136 and the post office is located near the Kanglatongbi Mandir.
The postcode for Belfast city centre starts BT1.
The poster appeared on 1 January 1895 in the streets of Paris. citation It was an overnight sensation, and announced the new artistic style and its creator to the citizens of Paris.
The post-synaptic cell is the last part of the transmission process and so has a "post-" suffix.
The post town is the main town in an area.
The Post was founded in November 1831 by two businessmen: Charles G. Greene and William Beals.
The pouches are attached to a rope made of straw, one pouch every five meters.
The power in the battery was then used by the submarine when it went underwater.
The PQ wanted Quebec to be independent from Canada.
The practice of English Language teaching.
The prairie dogs use these carefully maintained mounds as observation posts.
The precedent on an issue is the collective body of judicially announced principles that a court should consider when interpreting the law.
"The Precious One", Telegraph Magazine, 2 February 1995, pp. 20-29.
The prefecture includes 90 islands.
The preparations eventually turned out to be very serious, since there was no deaths reported in spie of the large damages.
The presence of this landmass causes differential heating of land and water.
The presentation was conducted by actress Yekaterina Guseva and stylist Sergey Zverev.
The present Chief is Vice-Admiral Ray Griggs.
The preservative destroyed the yellow layer.
The President and General Secretary take care of what goes on within and around FIFA.
The President appoints the Prime Minister, given the election results, and appoints the other members of the Government by proposal of the Prime Minister.
The Presidente Hayes department is in the central part of the country, in the southwest of the Occidental ("Western") region.
The President has the right to use this residence for the six-year term of office.
The presidential palace was bombed.
The President is also the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of Turkmenistan and the Chairman of the country's Cabinet of Ministers.
The President is elected by members of both Houses of the Parliament and the Provincial Assemblies.
The President is elected indirectly, by the Assembly of Kosovo, in a secret ballot by a two-thirds majority of deputies.
The President of the Confederation is sometimes called the "primus inter pares" (first equal) in the Federal Council.
The President of the Council is the organiser and manager and is voted into office for a duration of two and a half years.
The President was to be elected by the Soviet People but its only holder was Gorbachev who wasn't elected.
The pressure is 92 times the pressure on Earth, enough to crush many things.
The previously independent Vailsburg borough was annexed by Newark on January 1, 1905 and became part of West Ward.
The price for the compressor will be about 500 €.
The prices for all iPod Touch models have also dropped on that same day.
The prickles often all over the plant – on the stem and flat parts of leaves.
The priest attempts to exorcise the bike's evil spirit.
The priest says they are usually reliable.
The primary structure refers to the sequence of the amino acids of a single polypeptide chain from its start (N-terminus) to its end (C-terminus).
The Prime Meridian is 0° (zero degrees), and the farthest away is +180° eastward and -180° westward.
The Prime minister directs the executive branch of the union government, leads the union Council of Ministers and is responsible for enforcing federal laws.
The Prime Minister is not able to give direct orders to other people in their party.
The Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Chief Whip all have official residences in buildings along one side of the street.
The Prince de Condé had one at Chantilly and there was a village at Méréveille.
The prince's friends lift the coffin.
The prince was helped by his uncle, Anthony Woodville, Earl Rivers, and began to learn how to be a ruler.
The principalities Wallachia, Moldavia and Bessarabia (Moldova) together formed the "Greater Romania" 1918-1940.
The principal of the Royal Academy of Music is Jonathan Freeman-Attwood.
The principal percussion player will have to decide which player will play which instrument(s).
The principle behind the ceiling balloon is a balloon with a known ascent rate (how fast it climbs) and determining how long the balloon rises until it disappears into the cloud.
The principle of Selectivity (Discrimination) is based upon an analysis of several circuit breaker characteristics.
The prison warden controlled the prison completely.
The prize for this season is also C$1,000,000.
The prize has often been the centre of argument and there have even been several court cases.
The problem exists when stomach contents move backwards towards the mouth.
The problem is that in making the first one take on a pretty definite form (by squeezing down on it in some way) we increase the uncertainty involved in the next measurement.
The problem of evil.
The problems are usually hereditary (genetic), that is, they are passed down from parent dogs to puppies.
The problems with painting frescos come from the plaster.
The problem was, nobody was happy with the music that had come from the sessions.
The proboscis is made up of two hollow tubes.
The procedures she and her brother developed for the social functions were used by future First Ladies for decades.
The process can also be undone, which is called desoldering.
The process of adding an element to a queue is called “enqueuing” and the process of removing an element from a queue is called “dequeuing”.
The process of touching something may be called feeling.
The producer, Rick Rubin, had tried to sign up the band several times before they agreed.
The producer’s have re-released the film now with a correction and new songs added.
The producers hired her anyway, and then strongly encouraged her to use her Karen Walker voice for the role.
The producers invited Moffat to "write anything", with the intention of cutting the material back later.
The product began in 1904.
The production has been staged in many countries.
The production ran between September 9 - November 23, 2008 at the Doosan Art Center, Yeonji-dong, Seoul.
The product of integers is an integer (for example, (12 + 2345 x (67 - 8) ) x 9 is an integer).
The products of an acid-carbonate reaction is a soluble salt, carbon dioxide and water.
The Professor gave them their names; Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup.
The program parodies commonly used tropes and devices in Latin telenovelas.
The program's plan is to put humans on Mars.
The program was developed by Clinical Psychologist Joyce Burland, PhD.
The program was last broadcast in 1963.
'The project aims to create understanding for the highly limiting societal effects that the gender segregation unfolds, especially for and by examining the experiences of members of the LGBTQI+ community.'
The project did commence only until recently.
The project discovered that improved door locks, energy-absorbing steering wheels, padded dashboards, and seat belts could prevent an extraordinary percentage of injuries.
The prokaryotes: a handbook on the biology of bacteria.
The promotion was initially only going to run until May 31, 2004, but was later extended.
The property also is the location of important archeological fieldwork and analysis by Roland Wells Robbins (1908-1987), a pioneer in the field of historical archeology, making the site of national significance in the development in this field.
The property enjoys a magnificent position on the edge of Loch Ard with spectacular views South over the loch and West to Ben Lomond.
The proposed 4,000 MW facility will be located near Pampa, Texas, which is on the Texas Panhandle, and will stretch to the east, spanning 400,000 acres in five counties.
The protagonists in this game are Hector, Lyn, and Eliwood.
The protesters smashed a barrier in the middle of a road.
The protests started again on 18 July in a large demonstration organized under the Free Youth umbrella at the Democracy Monument.
The proton is said to have a half-life of 10 36 years.
The ProTour is the top grade of races for the top 20 cycling teams.
The Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region is the tenth largest region of France with an area of convert.
The province contains 6 cities and 8 counties.
The province covers about a sixth of Somalia in area.
The province covers an area of convert and as of 2014, it has 1,185,200 people.
The province has 10 districts and 32 communes or municipalities.
The Province has 114 villages spread over 12 districts.
The province is divided into 14 districts (amphoe).
The province of Latina has an area of convert, the smallest province of the Lazio region.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities.
The province was formed in 1896 from the north of Jeolla Province.
The provincial capital is called Hongseong.
The Prussian government made the district of Delitzsch.
The PSOE was founded in 1879, making it the oldest party currently active in Spain.
The pterosaurs fall into two groups.
The pub is managed by Greene King Brewery and owned by Corpus Christi College.
The Pulitzer Prizes' home-page calls The Tradition "A collection of masterful lyrics that combine delicacy with historical urgency in their loving evocation of bodies vulnerable to hostility and violence."
The Pulizer Prize Archive, Volume 10, "Novel/Fiction Awards 1917-1994".
The pulp contains the juice of the fruit.
The punishment can be a fine or up to five years in prison or both.
The pupa stage is short (only for a few days), and then the mosquito becomes an adult.
The pups are weaned at age 2.5 months, Females usually breed once a year.
The pureed flesh may be added into custards, ice creams, bread, pancakes, smoothies, milk shakes or made into jams and marmalades.
The purpose of black bloc is to not be recognized by the police and security cameras.
The purpose of it was to surprise the enemy with attacks against military and civilian commands and control centers in South Vietnam.
The purpose of the academy is to promote science and science education in Australia.
The purpose of women-only titles is to encourage female players, because there are few female players in the game.
The Puskas Award is given to whoever scores the best goal of that year.
The Qing was running out of money.
The qualitative interviews could be either informal and conversational, semi-structured, standardized and open-ended or a mix of all the above three.
The quality of food in frozen dinners has also improved steadily through the years.
The quality of the molasses depends on how the sugar is refined.
The quantities described by the units are related to each other by specific rules.
The quartet had to accept the concerts that their government allowed them to do.
The queen began a competition in his honor.
The Queen Elizabeth Forest reaches down to the village edge, and the whole area is part of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park (the first National Park in Scotland).
The Queen is the patron of many organisations and charities.
The Queen of the Night sings a very famous song in this section.
The Queen of the Wilis rises from the weeds to call the Wilis together.
The Queensland Police Commissioner Bob Atkinson warned that some bodies may never be found.
The Queen song has the band stamping their feet twice, and clapping once.
The queen wants to get her son married to her niece Mithrasena.
The queen will have lost around 50% of her body weight.
The questions will be asked to the group.
The Quran is the central point of reference and is a link which connects humanity with God.
The R46 was the second order of 75-foot cars to be ordered for the New York City Subway, after the R44s.
The rabbis counted 365 mitzvot that Jews must not do (negative mitzvot), and 248 mitzvot that Jews must do (positive mitzvot).
The race is one of the oldest in Formula 1 racing.
The race was on average on the most competitive in NASCAR history.
The radar transmitter's pulses or bursts of radio energy hit and bounce back (they are "reflected") from hard and metallic objects.
The rail line is now used as a walking and bicycle path.
The railroad company then took the case to the Tennessee Supreme Court.
The railway is around 500 metres from the centre of the village The railway service provides Ipswich, Felixstowe and Woodbridge, and further afield.
The railway line that connected the Free City with Poland was administered by Poland.
The railway station is a terminus station.
The railways were part of the war because it was easy to transport soldiers and equipment.
The railway was always in a difficult financial situation.
The Rains Came is a 1939 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and is based on the novel of the same name by Louis Bromfield.
The rainshadow concept, but with wind coming from the west.
The rainy season is from May to November.
The Ranch Fire is currently burning eight miles northeast of Ukiah and the River Fire is currently burning six miles north of Hopland.
The range defined by either is often based on demographic factors, such as an increase or decrease in the relative numbers of younger or older students, with the aim of maintaining stable school populations.
The range is about convert long and it covers a tract about convert broad.
The range of models expanded at this time too.
The Rangers traded him to the Seattle Americans of the Western Hockey League (WHL) for the rights to Lee Hyssop in October 1953.
The rash and pain last 3 to 5 weeks.
The ravens brought him bread and meat in the morning and bread and meat in the evening, and he drank from the brook (because it did not rain, as he prophesied).
The Ravens defense crowds the Steelers' offense in a 2006 route.
The RCMP are famous for their uniform.
The reaction mechanism is first-order with respect to methyl iodide and the catalyst (1).
The reading section comes first.
Thereafter, Alexander marched east to the Hydaspes, where Porus, ruler of the kingdom between the Hydaspes (Jhelum) and the Akesines (Chenab) refused to submit to him.
Thereafter, ICPM started to work in its new form.
The real name of MRB Vlogs is "Bibid Jung Thapa" who got his early fame from Pulsar Dare Venture.
There also seems to have been widespread migration of the Aramaeans – possibly from the South-East.
There are 131 species worldwide and 31 species which occur in Azerbaijan.
There are 141 members of Seimas who are elected for 4-year-terms.
There are 14 short movements, with a short introduction.
There are 15 different collections around the zoo.
There are 1646 graves on the island, but only 180, mainly those of prison staff, have a headstone.
There are 170 episodes.
There are 18 groups in the standard periodic table.
There are 200 species.
There are 20 books in the series.
There are 21 letters for vowels in Hangul.
There are 23 districts in Vienna.
There are 27 separate institutes and offices.
There are 28 private universities in Florida.
There are 2 in sledge hockey.
There are 2 types of cursor that most people will use.
There are 31 populated areas.
There are 37 million speakers in Ukraine.
There are 3 Legend of Zelda games for the Philips CD-i, a badly received video games console.
There are 40,000 federal Superfund sites across the country, and about 1,600 of those sites have been listed on the National Priorities List (NPL).
There are 435 representatives in total and 100 senators.
There are 48 fountains in the pool.
There are 50 stations in total on the line, of which 36 have platforms below ground.
There are 5 national parks, 159 nature reserves, and many other protection areas.
There are 613 mitzvot in the Torah.
There are 6 or 7 levels in each episode, but every episode also has one secret level.
There are 6 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.
There are 7 months with 31 days.
There are 801 frogs in the family.
There are 86 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.
There are about 12 species of Dolphin, porpoise and whales in the Irish Sea.
There are about 2,000 counties in China; this number is about the same as in the Han dynasty, 2,000 years ago.
There are about 200 different species of Jasmine.
There are about 200 moons in the Solar System.
There are about 237,000 Herero speakers in both countries, 206,000 in Namibia and the rest in Botswana.
There are about 25 mountain lions in the park. citation People do not know how many wolverines there are.
There are about 31 million people.
There are about 700 people.
There are a few cold-blooded pack hunters.
There are a few different ways that danger can be quantified - put into numbers.
There are a few problems with CRF schedules though.
There are a few socket types, which vary by use.
There are a few species in which the male spiders construct their own little webs that are connected to the webs of the females.
There are a great many different sailboats.
There are a large number of references to the book in later literature, and Bunyan's idea of how to tell a story has been borrowed and adapted many times.
There are a lot of beaches in Aydıncık.
There are a lot of different communities in Geneva.
There are a lot of rich museums in the city.
There are a lot of schools and universities there.
There are a lot of tunes with very exciting harmonies.
There are a lot of types of trombones.
There are a lot of ways malware can get onto someone's computer.
There are a lot parishes that have the name São José (
There are a lots of traditional deserts, like alfajor, rice with milk and humita.
There are also 17 other buildings within the shrine.
There are also 36 communes or municipalities.
There are also aesthetic compositions in the traditional miniature style which celebrate the joy of life and love.
There are also a high school and a vocational school.
There are also a lot of primary schools in the area.
There are also a number of school's in France that were named after Philipe.
There are also callosities (a series of horny growths) behind the blowhole, on the chin, above the eyes, on the lower lip, and on the rostrum (the beak-like upper jaw).
There are also different types of units in each army.
There are also federations not connected to FIFA (), also for this reason the titles recognized and awarded by FIFA are intended as titles of the federation in question.
There are also geisha in other cities, though there are differences.
There are also genetic differences between men and women.
There are also language-specific ways of spelling and punctuation.
There are also lots of cycle tracks for people to ride on.
There are also many trade and technical schools such as Healing Mountain Massage School and the Utah College of Massage Therapy.
There are also medium and long waves.
There are also often leopards who are completely black, those are also called black panthers.
There are also other tools, such as NT Database, designed specifically for NT managers that help NT managers organize the NT players.
There are also reverse harem anime in which a female protagonist is surrounded by gorgeous boys: Ouran Host Club and The Wallflower being the best known.
There are also single shot pistols, rifles and shotguns in which the breech is opened to eject a spent shell, then the shooter loads a round into the chamber manually.
There are also some old gravesites there.
There are also Space Marines who act like priests, called Chaplains, who forward the worship of the God Emperor of Man.
There are also sports and competition sections for artists in the show.
There are also swamps near the coast.
There are also three masks from the same period, kept in The Israel Museum, Jerusalem.
There are also topic maps including demographic and cross topic ones (showing explorer routes over maps).
There are a number of different ways to try to get rid of the parasite.
There are a number of exceptions: Crystal, David 1995.
There are a number of factors that influence the timing of discharge; in private, community hospitals, it can be costly to allow patients to remain inpatient when it is no longer medically necessary.
There are a number of ingredients in chocolate.
There are a number of land and amphibious limbless vertebrates and invertebrates.
There are approximately equal numbers of boys and girls.
There are aprox.
There are areas of slower and faster water movement.
There are articles that have single sentences needing additional Verification.
There are at least 43 countries in Europe (the European identities of 5 transcontinental countries:Cyprus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Russia and Turkey are disputed).
There are at least 9,000 living species of birds, far more than mammals.
There are at least seven million people from other countries living in Germany.
There are a total of 9 churches and a Christian centre in Burgess Hill.
There are both casual and formal versions.
There are both girls' and boys' schools here.
There are currently 26,606 students at the college (2014).
There are currently two subspecies found.
There are dark brown spots on the throat.
There are descendants from Koch-Rajbonshi, Mech, Rabha, Bodo and Indo-Aryan people who converted to Islam.
There are different categories of life vests.
There are different concepts or ways where the term dimension is used, and there are also different definitions.
There are different kinds of films.
There are different kinds of insurance.
There are different kinds of saris for different occasions.
There are different kinds of showers.
There are different questions that need to be discussed.
There are different theories, though.
There are different types of surveyor.
There are different ways this can be done.
There are different ways to help people with phobias.
There are different ways to make the bells in a bell tower ring.
There are disks for climbing on its toes.
There are dozens of different hyperon combinations.
There are few fossilized remains of bats, as bats are terrestrial and light-boned.
There are few solo pieces for the instrument, but mostly it is used for solo melodies in slow pieces for orchestra because it can sound very expressive.
There are five main families who are distinguished from the rest of the townsfolk: the Marshes (Stan's), the Broflovskis (Kyle's)(Jews), the Cartmans (Eric's), the McCormicks (Kenny's), and the Stotches (Butters').
There are five "Meanies" who often cause trouble for people.
There are four bronze plaques on the bottom part of the monument.
There are four important parameters of pharmacokinetics, usually known by the acronym ADME: Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism and Excretion.
There are four or five different kinds of intron.
There are four races in the Eve universe that are playable by subscribers, there is a fifth race, but only Eve Online employees can get them.
There are four types of petroleum coke.
There are four villages: Mârza, Plopşor, Sălcuţa and Tencănău.
There are four zones in the maze - Medieval, Aztec, Futuristic and Industrial.
There are fully equipped locker rooms in the classroom for the senior high school students, but the junior high school tower does not have locker rooms.
There are great changes in life expectancy between different parts of the world, mostly caused by differences in public health, medical care and diet.
There are, however, many slight differences.
There are lots of different groups of Space Marines.
There are mainly six branches of Hindu Philosophy.
There are many big scientific studies of this problem that show the same thing: if people have hypercholesterolemia and take statins, they are more likely to live longer and be healthier.
There are many chairs on the cable so that many people can be transported.
There are many chemicals that are naturally found in these bodies of water.
There are many colleges and universities in and around St. Louis.
There are many co-starring works with Masako Izumi, and appeared other films such as "The Bastard" and "Stories of Bastards: Born Under a Bad Star" directed by Seijun Suzuki are representative works.
There are many crisis pregnancy centers pro-life people have started to discourage women from having abortions.
There are many cultivated varieties, which grow-up in a temperature at 7C - 26C, most cultivars like cooler tempertatures.
There are many deep caves in Croatia.
There are many different arguments for and against the death penalty.
There are many different class of percussion instruments.
There are many different flavors of miso.
There are many different haka.
There are many different kinds of bullying.
There are many different kinds of burrows.
There are many different kinds of pie.
There are many different polyesters.
There are many different roll cage designs depending on the application.
There are many different types of sushi.
There are many different types of vaccines.
There are many games in this series.
There are many ice cream flavors that contain some mixture of chocolate, fudge, coffee, caramel, nuts, and marshmallows.
There are many interpretations, or ways to understand what the book says.
There are many kinds of bush babies.
There are many kinds of deductions.
There are many kinds of dragons in the different cultures.
There are many kinds of flutes.
There are many local, inter-village tournaments going on every month.
There are many other kinds of sex.
There are many other moments like this in the opera.
There are many other tourist attractions that can be visited near and around the vicinity, including this vast sanctuary.
There are many parks in Saratoga like Saratoga Spa State Park and Congress Park.
There are many physical constants in science.
There are many places of historic interest in Beijing.
There are Many political parties working in the village.
There are many private high schools as well as higher secondary schools affiliated to the Council of Higher Secondary Education, citation (COHSEM) Manipur, and Central Board of Secondary Education, citation (CBSE) India.
There are many prizes such as "Single of the Year"' and "Album of the Year" or "Artists of the Year".
There are many restaurants and shops, the famous Fastnacht Museum in the sloping tower, and many schools such as Armin-Knab-Gymnasium, Friedrich-Bernbeck-Schule, Fachoberschule.
There are many restaurants in Nashville that serve their own versions of the dish.
There are many rituals and beliefs associated with basil.
There are many tales about Nefertiti being born as a royal and her father being pharaoh Ay, but they are not confirmed.
There are many themes in these stories from different times in the past.
There are many theories about where Lincoln's expression of "government of the people, by the people, for the people" came from.
There are many theories as to what caused the event such as meteorite impact, tsunamis, or coronal mass ejections from the sun.
There are many things that can be considered self-harm.
There are many types of gardens.
There are many types of sheds.
There are many words that mean the same thing as knick knack.
There are medicines that can relieve the pain and prevent disability.
There are methods like deposit() and withdraw() and checkBalance().
There are monuments to Jesús García in many other Mexican cities and towns.
There are more than 140 different vomitoxins.
There are more than 300 modules in VLC.
There are mountains to the east, that surround the city.
There are multiple rounds of voting, and in each round the vote is between two of the alternatives.
There are natural organic compounds, and synthetic ones.
There are nerve rings with radiating nerves around the mouth extending into each arm.
There are newer drugs available to treat these conditions.
There are nine levels in the story, split between controlling Master Chief and the alien Arbiter.
There are nine members of the council.
There are nine species in two genera.
There are nine to twelve players per team.
There are no cities in this county.
There are no inscriptions anywhere describing its construction or its original purpose.
There are no limits on a Prime Minister's term. The person who was Prime Minister the longest was Mohamed Ben Ahmed Abdelghani.
There are no pinfalls or submission, no disqualifications, no count outs.
There are no structures on the island.
There are not so many female singers who call themselves contraltos these days.
There are now fewer municipalities.
There are often consequences when the person who started the hoax is discovered.
There are only three species.
There are other countries within the mountain range.
There are other instruments which use bows.
There are other interesting beaches such as those of Gommier and Guinaudée.
There are other kinds of medicines to treat hypercholesterolemia.
There are other logic systems that build on propositional logic.
There are other punctuation marks but used less often.
There are other secondary roads.
There are other types of magic like "Time magic".
There are other ways it can happen, but these are the main ones.
There are over 100 different characters that you can get as residents in your town.
There are over 400 species of "true" toads, the Bufonidae.
There are people living there.
There are plans to increase this to 37% in 2009 and 41% in 2014.
There are real suburbs in south-west Birmingham called Kings Heath, Kings Norton and Selly Oak).
There are regular daily flights from Sydney.
There are research centers from some nations on Antarctica.
There are seven characteristics of ABA Baer D.M; Wolf M.M. & Risley T.R. 1968.
There are seven species.
There are several days each month when, if anticyclonic conditions are stable, the clouds may stay for several days.
There are several different methods of grafting; each method has its advantages and drawbacks.
There are several different types of hymen.
There are several different types of siblings.
There are several different versions of COBOL.
There are several hundred pieces of bone.
There are several international conferences about interval arithmetic.
There are several shapes of crystals.
There are several ski resorts on Mount Hood.
There are several temples in the area.
There are several theories for the origin of the name parmigiana.
There are several ways to simplify characters.
There are significant doubts about some aspects of the IPCCs emissions scenario exercise, in particular, the high emissions scenarios.
There are six groups of dives.
There are six important positions in the Union which are taken by students who take a year off work.
There are six total versions of the games in the series.
There are six types of purebred dogs that originated in Japan.
There are small forests.
There are so few there that they are listed as being rare by the Dutch Rare Breed Survival trust in the mid-1970s.
There are some buildings.
There are some buildings and places around the lake.
There are some buildings that still stand from St. Joseph’s Babies Home including the magnificent St. Joseph’s Chapel completed in 1924.
There are some exceptions to this rule, but none of these exceptions involve changes to DNA base pair sequences.
There are some low mountains in the northern part of the province.
There are some matrices that are special.
There are some other 'minor' enzymes as well, and we do not know the full story about them yet.
There are some problems where greedy algorithms do not produce the best possible solution.
There are some records about it.
There are some swifts which only use saliva to make their nests.
There are some that are uber 1337.
There are some, where the claim is disputed.
There are special fields of study called "
There are special hubs, called "sharing hubs".
There are ten schools for children aged up to 11 years and four schools for children aged 11–16/18.
There are three blind round windows.
There are three churches in Tintagel, the Anglican church of St Materiana on the cliffs, and Methodist and Roman Catholic churches in the village.
There are three different types of subway services.
There are three kinds of airships.
There are three ladies, three young boys and three trials.
There are three main Maya calendars: the 260 day ritual calendar called Tzolk'in, the 365 day Haab', and the Long Count.
There are three major stages.
There are three, or maybe four, known branches.
There are three railway tracks at the station.
There are three sources of mineral fibers.
There are tiny villages in and around Tirunelveli like Alwarkurichi, Kalidaikurichi, Rangasamudram, Cheran Mahadevi.
There are treatments for tonsillitis.
There are twelve original castles left in Japan and Shikoku is home to four of them.
There are two basic procedures to refine vegetable oil, chemical refining, and physical refining.
There are two caves giving access to the sea, as well as a crater.
There are two cities that make up Bremen.
There are two common kinds of remixing: production and mashups.
There are two copies of Antipodes.
There are two dialects of Tigrinya: Northern and Southern.
There are two different kinds of this drinks.
There are two kinds of horizontal writing.
There are two main kinds of the charter: bareboat and skippered.
There are two main shapes for the microhylids.
There are two main types of Airbus A330: the 200 series and the 300 series.
There are two main types of endurance rides which are competitive trail riding and endurance rides.
There are two major types of intersections.
There are two other systems used to write in Japanese.
There are two platforms for this station.
There are two possible positions on the board.
There are two rows of light yellow spots along the edges of both wings.
There are two seminaries at the southwest and southeast sections of the mosque.
There are two subgroups of lasers: Beam (long range), and Pulse (short range).
There are two subspecies of the western grey: Macropus fuliginosus fuliginosus which lives on Kangaroo Island, and Macropus fuliginosus melanops, which has a range of different types that change gradually from west to east.
There are two types of adhesives that harden by drying.
There are two types of places that are exempt from Title III, and do not have to follow its rules.
There are two types of unsweetened cocoa powder: natural cocoa produced by the Broma process, with no additives, and Dutch process cocoa, which is additionally processed with alkali to neutralize its natural acidity.
There are two ways to find the cross product of two 3D vectors: with coordinate notation or with angle.
There are typically from 3 to 16 residents, as well as a resident manager or service staff.
There are up to 6 players on the ice at a time for each team.
There are variations in the details: sometimes a little complex of heterozooids produce larvae in a cooperative effort.
There are various people that began the process of applying these principles to social behavior.
There are various subgroups of the Wu dialect.
There are ways to exclude parts of the transcluded page, and ways to transclude part of a page, like just a section, but that does not change the basic concept.
The reason Cherenkov light often appears blue is because its effect is proportional to the frequency, in that the higher the frequency, the higher the effect of the radiation.
The reason for that is because Andy Partridge sometimes got very nervous performing on stage in front of thousands of people.
The reason for this development was that the American-produced thickening agent performed rather poorly in the cold Norwegian climate.
The reason for this is that their bodies are slowly deteriorating, so they have more problems, especially with moving.
The reasoning behind this is that he felt that industrialization would give owners the ability to exploit their workers even more which will result in a weakened proletariat class.
The reasons for this are also much disputed.
The reasons for this are not known: perhaps there was increased competition from large predator fish.
The reason that there is still a low risk, instead of no risk at all, is that a person's blood does not test positive for the Hepatitis C virus until about 11–70 days after they get the disease.
The reason was that winds in Autumn mix the waters up.
The reason we do this is that sometimes only a small amount of data has changed since the last full backup; this means we can do a differential backup much more quickly.
The reason you are able to see yourself in a mirror is because light comes in and gets reflected, and that's how you are able to see your reflection.
There became fewer and fewer Manx speakers during the 19th century and the language was replaced by English.
The recitation of the Sanskrit mantras is commonly used to call upon the Divine Mother.
The recording showed a crinoid moving at much faster speeds than was thought possible.
The Red Army continued to fight with them.
The red breasted parakeet or moustached parakeet (Psittacula alexandri) is among the more widespread species of the genus and is the species which has the most geographical variations.
The red dot moves with the phase velocity.
The Red Ensign Flag of Canada.
The Red Guards were formed.
The red-necked grebe (Podiceps grisegena) is a bird migration aquatic bird that is found in the temperate regions of the northern hemisphere.
There does seem to have been some speculation among scholars about the possible origin of Punjabi's tone-language character but without any final and convincing answer.
The Red Queen: sex and the evolution of human nature.
The REDress Project is an art project that is made up of red dresses.
The Red Sox then won the next four to win the series.
The reduction of the Liechtenstein emigration was due to improvements in economic conditions of Liechtenstein.
The Red Wings franchise has been a part of the NHL since 1926, making them one of the "
The referendum was held in February 2012.
The refineries are large industrial complexes, that have many different sub-units, and facilities.
Therefore, Bancroft was allowed to keep it. citation This copy was kept by the Bancroft family for many years.
Therefore, beliefs are not the same from one Baptist church to another, mainly beliefs that may be considered minor.
Therefore, he has been rewarded for his efforts with gaining his fame.
Therefore, hydroxide ions are heavily involved in acid-base reactions.
Therefore, it burns in air and causes a flickering glow.
Therefore, it is a fair guess that the epic began as a long oral poem based on the siege of Troy, but with details added and changed as time went on.
Therefore, it is not true that is a rational number.
Therefore, its predecessor males are going to be stronger and also to have a long tail while the newborn females are going to like long tails, passing the ideals of the principle to the next generations.
Therefore, I was out."
Therefore, ratites are a group of medium to large birds, most of whom are flightless, with the exception of the tinamous.
Therefore, Sally gives Jane a list of three numbers to show her position.
Therefore, schools can not teach intelligent design, as that would be saying one type of religion was true.
Therefore she became for the first time number one.
Therefore, specific heat and other forms of heat capacity are more accurately measures of the capacity of a substance to absorb energy as the temperature of the substance increases.
Therefore, that side of the bond will have a slightly negative charge, and the other side will have a slightly positive charge.
Therefore, the feathers in the ancestors of Velociraptor had another function.
Therefore, the Legislative Council made it legal and under government control.
Therefore the name of an actor is passes to the next generation.
Therefore, the pressure is greater.
Therefore, there must be tiny fluctuations in 'empty' space, so that the uncertainty principle isn't violated.
Therefore, when the acorn embryo is damaged the development of the seed is negatively affected.
Therefore, when the person wants to get attention and make others believe they are the best, they may start saying mean things to other people or starting fights.
The reforms focused on restoring the traditional life in the monasteries.
The Regal was like a portative but it had reeds and no pipes.
The regional capital is Oranjestad.
The regional dukes influenced construction even further.
The Regional Transportation Authority (RTA) controls the function of the three service boards: CTA, Metra, and Pace.
The region around the city is very dry and hot.
The region has a large area of national parks.
The region is known from ancient Egyptian records of trade expeditions to it.
The region of Bohemia and Moravia was annexed into the German reich and a puppet government was established under rule of Konstantin von Neurath, who was later replaced by Reihard Heinrich as he was seen to soft on the Czechs.
The regions are in charge of hospitals and health care.
The region was an independent tribal territory from 1893, remaining outside of the British empire and Afghanistan.
The region was the second biggest economic center in Europe after the UK in the 19th century.
The Registry picks recordings once a year that are "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
The regular season of the NRL begins in October and comes to an end in March.
The regulation mentioned a letter from Suharto.
There had been almost no resistance and few casualties.
There has been 169 goal scored in 64 match, for an average of goal per match.
There has been a settlement in the area of Iwata since ancient times.
There has been records of the frog found in northern New Guinea.
There have been 8 main games and 4 spin-off games.
There have been at least 15 similar events recorded.
There have been eight leaders of the Fianna Fáil since its creation in 1926.
There have been more cases among Nepalese abroad than at home, with 2,000 confirmed cases globally, and dozens of deaths.
There have been racial problems in Atlanta.
There have been riots in Harehills and Chapeltown before.
There have been several different announcers throughout the years.
There have been some calls to add one to express the spirit and aspirations embodied in the constitution.
There have been speakers who were not members of the government.
There have now been seventeen films released.
There he became even more interested in science studying subjects such as chemistry and biology.
There he developed a mobile surgical unit that could move around to treat wounded soldiers.
There he read biographies and studied history, astronomy, modern science, and Sanskrit.
There, he resisted the Devil's temptations.
There, he returned to a career in education, and established a sucessful farm.
There her husband died on 18th January 1862.
There he studied with Ben Ard at the School of Dramatic Art and at the Pasadena Playhouse.
There he taught biochemistry from 1959 until 2000.
There he won the German Cup the second time.
The reigning king, his wife and their children were collectively referred to as the Famille de France ("Family of France").
There influences from Japanese prints, the Arts and Crafts movement, and the impressionistic approach of Parisian poster-making.
The ''Reinheitsgebot' says that beer is made of barley, so all wheat beers were not allowed by the original Reinheitsgebot).
There is a 19th-century church.
There is a 95% of finding a cure for this cancer.
There is a battle between the wilds and the pets, with the Pet Paradiso security focused on tranquilizing the wilds.
There is a big old tree called ‘Okeyaki’ at Higashine elementary school.
There is a border crossing for hikers and cyclists.
There is a copy of the village in China.
There is a Creator which came from it, and produced all these worlds and beings.
There is a door deep in the sewers of Rogueport (the Thousand-Year Door) which will open if all crystal stars are collected.
There is a famous bridge that crosses it called the "Tyne Bridge".
There is a folk song called Frank Gardiner.
There is agreement between Israel and Lebanon on their border, with the exception of a small area of known as the "Shebaa Farms" which Israel took over during a war.
There is a growing collection of 'Internet labels' that offer distribution to unsigned or independent artists directly to online music stores, and in some cases marketing and promotion services.
There is a large reviewing stand and pavilion in the square.
There is a large statue of St. Michael on top of the front door of the church.
There is a large swimming pool with fitness rooms and sports hall.
There is a large variety of music.
There is a legend about the hill.
There is almost no good evidence for such a risk though.
There is a lot of blood, murder, sex and violence in it.
There is a lot of parking just next to the castle.
There is a lot of work to improve the theory and/or find a better theory that is being done.
There is also a big industrial island called Herøya citation which is the back bone for the city.
There is also a Danish minority in Southern Schleswig.
There is also a difference: skates do not have stings.
There is also a group called 'American sparrows', or New World sparrows.
There is also a light colored "butterfly" pattern on the shoulders and three thin stripes (the center stripe is dark) running along its spine.
There is also a magazine called Time For Kids, aimed at children.
There is also a new Team Plasma that was formed after the original team was defeated.
There is also an interesting example of ‘contact art’ showing a two-masted sailing ship with anchor chain and a dinghy trailing behind.
There is also a Physical education college, a Nursing institute and two Teacher's training colleges.
There is also a rare Jewish cemetery.
There is also a small museum, restaurant, snack bar and hotel.
There is also a stadium used for national athletics and a large sports centre.
There is also a very strange, old Episcopal chair.
There is also a video game The Moment of Silence, and a poem "Moment of Silence".
There is also education for parents and teachers to help children with ADHD.
There is also Mug Cream Soda.
There is also nihongo, which sets a lower level of protection and support for Registered Cultural Properties than for Designated Cultural Properties.
There is also Pomene National Reserve.
There is also set to be another story type system in Zombies.
There is a medicine that can help prevent the virus in babies that have not been born yet if the doctor is worried the baby may get the virus.
There is a mosque with 45 prayer spaces in the upper storeys of the building.
There is a musical festival every year called the Weekender which happens in Trinity.
There is an abstract thinking, just as there is abstract feeling, sensation and intuition.
There is an advantage only if the birds which migrate have a better chance of leaving descendants.
There is an atelier since summer 1999, but it always change.
There is an exit from the station into Roppongi Hills.
There is an important restaurant in the city.
There is a node (point of no vibration) at the base of each prong.
There is another exit by the western bus station along Wells Terrace, incorporating the Underground ticket office, plus a narrow side entrance to the south on the A503 Seven Sisters Road.
There is another theory that the site of the supposed 'makbara' or tomb was one of the meditative 'Chillas' or sites of Hazrat Mian Mir Sahib, who might have visited the area during his journeys from place to place.
There is a original anime DVD with 3 parts based on this novel.
There is a part inside the combustor called the flame holder.
There is a police station at Amaṯa, but they are not always there; state police are based in Marla and run patrols to the area.
There is a relationship between the energy that an organism uses and the amount eaten.
There is a road border crossing here into Israel.
There is a rotating disc with images, and there are small slits between the images.
There is a Russian Association of Education, Culture and Cooperation which aims to expand Russian language and culture in Turkey as well as promote the interests of the community.
There is a soldier who has his head hunched down, and a look of shame as he pulls a baby away from its screaming mother.
There is a strict division between Mandaean laity and the priests.
There is a strong "gun lobby" in the United States.
There is a temple called the Malumel Bhagavathi Kshethram (
There is a wall between the cab and the body.
There is both "Standard Class" and "First Class" seating.
There is chaos and violence.
There is clearly a linear lower bound, since we must at least examine all the weights.
There is currently one property in North Macedonia on the World Heritage List.
There is currently three species found.
There is evidence that they can breed in freshwater, but not as regularly as they do in estuarine and marine habitats.
There is generally no space between an opening quotation mark and the following word, or a closing quotation mark and the preceding word.
There is hand sanitizer in Kenosha County.
There is little evidence of human occupation during the subsequent Ipswichian interglacial between around 130,000 and 110,000 years ago.
There is microphone on the boundary-line. it has a red lead.
There is more room there, and it is easy to see, and easy to sit down or even lie down when one feels tired.
There is much rainfall.
There is no clear record of how brownies were first made.
There is no complete edition of Leibniz's writings, and a complete account of his accomplishments is not yet possible.
There is no confirmation of the particle's existence.
There is no contact.
There is no cure for myotonic dystrophy.
There is no defined difference between a muppet and a puppet other than the link to Jim Henson.
There is no delegation of administrative powers to neighborhoods, although there are several neighborhoods associations devoted to improve their own standards of living.
There is no official release of Britannica for Linux, however, there is a way that can help experienced users run Encyclopædia Britannica 2004 Ultimate Reference Suite DVD on Linux.
There is no one else on the island and no one knows where they are.
There is no opening book for real beginners.
There is no proof for the exact cause of the development of a certain sexual orientation.
There is no proof that any of these ideas are right.
There is no special reason for these names.
There is not enough blood clotting ability.
There is not enough evidence to even be sure that magnetic monopoles exist in this universe.
There is nothing on the ice to make a nest, so after the female lays her one egg in winter, the male puts the egg on his feet to keep it warm until spring.
There is not much information about the group's structure.
There is not much learning involved unlike other musical instruments and one can soon learn to produce a musical pattern on it.
There is not much time so food is usually prepared by others waiting at the bottom.
There is now a schedule; there are seven days in a week, and Sims at school are off on Saturday and Sunday.
There is one college in the town, while the University of west of Scotland and the open university is on the same campus.
There is one exception- OpenSkies however is not part of Oneworld.
There is one number for each dimension.
There is only one currency called Robux (R$), which can only be obtained by purchasing Builders Club (a membership), buying a Robux card from certain shops, or using a credit card or PayPal on the Roblox website.
" - There is only one god to worship.
There is only one known painting that was signed by Verrocchio.
There is only one living species, Ginkgo biloba.
There is pattern of lines that looks like a star burst design.
There is the Fischstrasse (Fish Street) where fishermen used to live.
There is very little damage from the storm.
The relationship between brain-to-body mass ratio and complexity of behaviour is not perfect, because other factors also influence intelligence.
The relationship between the Guard and their Emperor was always sensitive.
The relativism of living and non-living things is mostly unknown or forgotten in modern western theology.
The Release Candidate was made available on May 5, 2009, and the build number is 7100.
The relief of not having to go see all those dopey accountants was wonderful, and I walked around the garden with one of Eric's acoustic guitars and wrote "Here Comes the Sun".
The religion has elders and ministerial servants who take the spiritual lead in their congregations, but they do not dress differently to other members and they are not paid.
The religion spread widely after that.
The remainder of Edward's large army scattered in every direction.
The remaining 15 car advance (move on) to Q2.
The remaining 220 were 120 cavalry plus technical staff.
The remaining 300 who drowned were among the richest and best known of the nobility of the day.
The remaining area is Australian Government land controlled by the Director of National Parks.
The remaining BMW team withdrew from the race. citation BMW left F1 for a number of years.
The remaining five union territories are directly ruled by the centre through appointed administrators.
The remaining functions were taken over by so-called joint-boards.
The remaining Pompeiian soldiers fled and soon the main battle was done.
The remaining Republicans all voted to acquit.
The remaining surface water, made dense by the extra salinity, sinks and produces dense water masses such as North Atlantic Deep Water.
The remains of Nicholas moved across the Atlantic Ocean to Florida.
There may also be a loader, who handles the ammunition for the main gun (so the gunner doesn't have to take eyes off the target).
There may be more than one hundred baby spiders on her back.
There may be rules that say how many lines and hooks one fisherman can use and how many fish he can catch.
There, mothers or fathers can put their newborn baby into the hatch.
There must always be a speaker, and if the position becomes vacant, then an election must take place before the parliament can do anything else.
There needs to be one Bus Controller and there really needs to be one Remote Terminal, otherwise there is no need for the network.
The Renegade has two four-wheel drive systems: Active Drive I and Active Drive Low.
There, others playing in earnest may attack the host or his interviewee.
The repairs were completed on 16 July 2012.
The repentance view says that Jesus knew people would not be able to follow his teachings.
The repetition can be put side by side (for example, "sleepy sun sank slowly over the sea").
The report may include the methods used, the facts found, the conclusions reached, and any suggestions.
The report was incorrect; neither Crace nor Fletcher was heading southeast at that time (Lundstrom 2006, p. 175).
The Report was regarded in the early 19th century as among the more important expressions of Republican principles.
The Republican Party believed that this would create much profit, and it did.
The Republicans proposed many new ideas to Congress to limit the size of government such as requiring the budget to be balanced and to stop people from abusing the welfare system.
The Republic of Venice controlled most of Dalmatia from 1420 to 1797.
The Republic says that such a city is likely impossible as it thinks philosophers would refuse to rule and the people would refuse to be ruled by philosophers.
The reputation comes from the use of Tanot (palm) sugar.
There's a battle between Scrat and the Scratazons leader with the attraction rays which ends with the explosion of the Scratazons ship and causes a black hole which swallows all of them except Scrat and the Scratazons leader.
There's a tape out there, somewhere, with both Steve Burns and myself doing a Blue's Clues scene both as Christopher Walken, which we did at the screen test.
The researchers also acknowledged that diet soda drinkers were less likely to consume healthy foods, and that drinking diet soda flavored with artificial sweeteners more than likely increases cravings for sugar flavored sweets.
The reserve contains a variety of living creatures from the animal and plant kingdoms despite the small size of the reserve and its presence in the middle of the Nile.
The reservoir is impounded at its northeastern end by Wilson Dam.
There, she learned ways to help the cattle thieves, horse thieves and other criminals.
There she met a slave owned by another family.
There she met her lifelong friends, Ellen Nussey and Mary Taylor.
There's nothing like her, I think, in the world".
The respiratory system includes gills and lungs.
The rest are cultural.
The restaurant is known for Italian-American cuisine.
The rest is known as "Greater London.
The rest of the cards (the deck) are put face down where all the players can get them.
The rest of the family stayed strictly Catholic.
The rest of the shells are loaded by the gun using part of the energy used to fire each shell.
The rest of the Yahi (as well as many members of their parent tribe, the Yana) were killed in the California genocide in the 19th century.
The resulting aerodynamic loads sheared both engines from the aircraft seconds before impact.
The resulting groups of data are organized and are much easier for many people to understand.
The resulting high CPU overhead and negligible performance gain contributed to a lack of market acceptance for TCQ.
The resulting sound is like the sound used in English to express annoyance, called a "clucking sound."
The result is that the zinc disc ends up with a lot of electrons "left behind" by the zinc ions, and the copper disc ends up "missing" a lot of electrons "stolen" by the zinc ions.
The result is that US pints and gallons are smaller than imperial pints and gallons.
The result showed a "slight but significant gain" for the active-response procedure without feedback, but more gain when feedback was provided.
The result was the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship, a combination of the two titles though both were kept active by themselves (and thus keeping their own title histories), they were defended as one by one tag team.
The result will be a complex wave showing one high peak and containing a large number of waves of different wavelengths and therefore of different momentums.
There, the government would give them food, water and clothes.
There the matter rests for the time being.
There, the two forces began talks, surprisingly the King agreed to abolish Work Service, and accepted the other demands the army asked for.
There they tell about the good news, and they ask people to do specific things.
There third man who appeared on the cameras is still free after he ran away when his bomb didn't explode.
The Reverend Silas Aiken, Jane's brother-in-law, conducted the small ceremony.
The reviews for this crime comedy were very positive.
The reviews of it were mostly positive.
The reviews were negative.
The reviews were substandard and poor.
The revival began on December 12, 2011.
The revolutionaries permanently boycotted the trials due to the opposite result of their demand.
There was a controversy over Blair sending Euan to a grant-maintained school.
There was also a lot of Igbo people from Nigeria.
There was also a mechanism to drop a bag filled with pieces of wood and glass balls from the roof and windows.
There was also a new place called the Battle Frontier where players could go after they beat the Elite Four.
There was also a pulse coming out of the engine.
There was also criticism of his playing style, it was becoming "affected", too modern for the conservative tastes of Frederick's court.
There was always chaos in the home.
There was a one hundred yuan note, a ten yuan note, a five yuan note, a one yuan note and a small value note.
There was a period of disputes over the succession after Keitai's death.
There was a period of three years when some West Saxons tried to break free of Mercian control.
There was a possibility that the leftovers of Gaston could re-strengthen and affect the Caribbean, however this did not happen.
There was a separate force commanded by Rear Admiral Kuninori Marumo.
There was a shortage of food during the first few years of the colony.
There was a terrible accident during the race.
There was big trouble about choosing the person who should follow him.
There was even the football team AC Spalato, that substituted the local Hadjuk ruled by Slavs.
There was less crew for second and third class, and there were much more people.
There was little press coverage of the Apollo 6 mission.
There was music, eating and drinking.
There was no discrimination on the basis of caste or class.
There was no match at all.
There was not much gold on the parts of the island Columbus took over.
There was no way of knowing if the stories in his book were true.
There was only one season.
There was peace in Roeselare during a short time.
There was the famous "Schnitzel factory" but now it moved to Kitzingen.
There were 111 deaths in or near Texas.
There were 11 editions of the first part during John Bunyan’s lifetime, and two editions of the second part.
There were 1,200 men in it, five to a bunk.
There were 1,278 people living in South Windham in 2000.
There were 14,619 people living in Plainfield in 2000.
There were 17,499 people living there on 31 August 2017.
There were 245 women and 207 children among them.
There were 2,469,310 (51%) males and 2,366,222 (49%) females.
There were 24 bridges over the stream(now 22 bridges).
There were 3,181.3 people per square mile (1,228.3/km²).
There were 38 households.
There were 40 giant panda reserves in 2006.
There were 43,681 villages covered in the year 2003.
There were 509 housing units at an average density of 453.8 per square mile (175.5/km²).
There were 542 people living there in 2010.
There were 5 female factories in Van Diemen's Land.
There were 65 bales of hay, convert of ship's biscuits, 50 loaves of white bread, three sacks of oats, three sacks of bran, and two sacks of onions.
There were 6 matches on the card.
There were 985 stores in Japan in 2012.
There were about 100,000 Japanese soldiers killed and 7,000 captured.
There were about 100 bombers from Kampfgeschwader 2 (KG2), Kampfgeschwader 45 (KG45), and Kampfgeschwader 77 (KG77), mostly Dornier 217s.
There were about 10 inches of snow in NYC.
There were about 1 million people in 2010.
There were allegations made of inappropriate handling of the situation and of the overuse of armed force by the Gardaí.
There were also Arab unions that did not last very long but had the Arab Liberation colors.
There were also coupons.
There were also eleven storms that reached hurricane strength, again the third most hurricanes in one season after the 1969 and 2005 seasons.
There were also notable appearances in Old Times at the Theatre Royal Haymarket, and as Volpone and the brutal sergeant in Pinter's Mountain Language.
There were also other types of controllers that could be used with the NES.
There were around 3,033 deaths in Cuba from the storm.
There were around 55,000 people missing and lots of other deaths were found in other places.
There were around 9,750,103 military deaths during the conflict.
There were a total of 501 cams each of which could be put into the raised (active) position or the lowered (inactive) position.
There were big changes in 1967 and 1976.
There were eight matches on the card.
There were eight qualifying spots available to join the forty six direct acceptance, two special exemptions and eight wildcards in the main draw.
There were five competitions open to professional tennis players.
There were five German divisions.
There were five new songs on the album.
There were florins, shillings, sixpences and threepences.
There were forests and a permanent water supply where the Dromornis birds lived, although the climate was unpredictable.
There were four parts to the sitcom.
There were lots of short pieces of music.
There were many games called "Cootie" in the early years of the 20th century.
There were more Spitfires made than any other British aircraft and it was the only British fighter that was being made throughout the war.
There were more than 9,600 people in Orivesi (as of January, 2014).
There were once six districts in Vermont.
There were only six countries with no Scout movement in 2006.
There were other protests on Tiananmen square in 1919 and 1976.
There were others including Garay Graham who was executed on June 22 2000 when Texas Governor George Bush & the Texas appeals board refused to give him life in prison instead.
"There were people just rolling around, completely out of it.
There were plans for him to marry Charlotte Aglaé d'Orléans but his mother declined the offer.
There were plans to market the G-21 as an amphibian airliner.
There were problems between the two main parties.
There were several Indian regiments with the Confederates.
There were several reasons for this.
There were several revolts because of the economy.
There were so few cars entered for the 1952 and 1953 that the World Championship Grand Prix races were run to Formula Two rules.
There were so many new players causing servers to go down, even though they were designed for scalability.
There were some semi-permanent settlements established, and cases of Aboriginal settlers finding a home in Indonesia.
There were the problems with immigrating to the United States, and with the search for Kyoko.
There were three parts of the body that they considered the most powerful: the head, the heart, and the liver.
There were two lots for each letter.
There were two main political parties during this time period.
There were two other attempts to found the club.
There were two sequel movies: "Crocodile" Dundee II (1988) and Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles (2001).
There were two small grass fires near the city of Sale, Victoria, which were deliberately lit.
There were vast bunkers with hidden artillery.
There were very few slaves in the area, but a majority of people wanted to keep slavery legal until the Civil War.
There were violent communist revolutions in many countries.
There will be another season premiering in late 2018.
There will be twelve people from France.
There will not be a fourth series till at least 2010 because they will be working upon a movie.
There would be six base units.
The "Rheinaue" to the west and the "Niederterrasse" to the east.
The Rhind Papyrus was published in 1923 by Peet and contains a discussion of the text that followed Griffith's Book I, II and III outline Peet, Thomas Eric 1923.
The rhythm of iambic pentameter is close to the rhythm of everyday English speech.
The rider must be able to turn the horse very quickly around the barrels.
The Riders would not give him another dragon, so he decided to destroy them.
The right-wing supports tradition and authority.
The rind is eaten as well as the inside of this cheese.
The rings are made of an extremely dark material.
The rise of the gothic novel.
The river and its upper valley are the boundary between the mountain ranges of the Glarus Alps, to its east and south, and the Schwyzer Alps, to its west.
The River Brue makes the boundary with Glastonbury.
The river Saane (Sarine) flows from the south to the north of the canton.
The rivers Großache and Prien flow into the lake from the south, and the river Alz flows out towards the north.
The river then passes through hills covered in forest, and then through cleared farm land.
Thermoclines may happen only at seasons or permanently, and may change depending on where and how deep it is.
The road also has difficult curves and hills that a driver cannot see over.
The road follows the Hunza river for some distance through Nagar and into the Hunza region.
The road fro Jaffa Gate to the Western Wall called once the Capital street.
The road leading to Skardu from Gurez passes through the Deosai Plains.
The road passed through Mikawa.
The robbery had been done by her husband and others.
The rock, before it was metamorphized, was a granitoid that formed 4.03 billion years ago.
The rock cycle is the process by which rocks of one kind change into rocks of another kind.
The Rockefeller Billions: The Story of the World's Most Stupendous Fortune.
The rocket with the starting blocks (complete laboratory) is 12 meters long and has 750mm in diameter.
The rocky coastline has been the site of a number of shipwrecks.
The role might also have powers.
The Roman Army: a social and institutional history.
The Roman authorities saw it as a way to spread spreading Roman culture to the colonies.
The Roman Catholic Church believes that Jesus made Peter the head of the Christian Church, and so all the Bishops of Rome (the Popes) must be the leaders of the Christian Church throughout the whole world.
The Roman Catholic Church does not get into arguments about trying to prove whether the pieces of the Cross, the body parts and other things are real.
The Roman military was an important part of the Roman state.
The Romans considered Britannia as a single territory and administratively they divided the huge island in five provinces: Britannia prima (capital London), Britannia secunda, Flavia Caesariensis, Maxima Caesariensis and Valentia.
The Ron languages, and their tentative relatioships, are: Blench, Roger.
The Roosevelt Island Bridge provides direct access to the 'Motorgate Parking Garage', which was designed to minimize vehicle traffic on the island.
The rope breaks.
The rope is designed to stretch, not break.
The ROT13 cipher is very easy to decrypt.
The Roter Turm (the red tower)is one of Chemnitz's oldest sites; it was built in the 12th or 13th century and was once part of the city wall.
The Roumois was the name then for the province of which Rouen was the capital.
The round knocked me down in an instant, it felt like being hit by a sledge-hammer at full swing.
The Round-to-even method has served as the ASTM (E-29) standard since 1940.
The Roux brothers have been described as the "godfathers of modern restaurant cuisine in the UK."
The Royal Family.
The Royal Society (2008).
The RSA is still in there, but it also occupies nearby buildings (2-6 John Adam Street, plus 18 Adam Street).
The RSPCA said the dyeing was a "sick prank".
The Rule of Law is especially important as an influence on the economic development in developing and transitional countries.
The rule of Venice on most of Dalmatia will last nearly four centuries (1420 - 1797).
The rulers of these countries often hired leading architects to design these mosques.
The rulers so much wanted to suppress their language for the ultimate suppression of the Irish people that even kids were punished for the crime of keeping a few verses in Gaelic.
The rules are in the section Laws of Chess of the FIDE Handbook.
The rules decide if a packet can pass, or whether it is discarded.
The rules for cross country skiing are similar to the ones created by International Ski Federation (FIS).
The rules of transitivity are as follows.
The rules used were similar to modern Greco-Roman wrestling, although there was no time limit, and not all leg holds were forbidden (in contrast to current rules).
The Russian Civil War began, with the Russian SFSR's "Red Army" fighting against the "White Army", the group of all Russians against the communists.
The Russian desman often lives in small groups of two to five of them that are usually not related.
The Russian writer Nikolai Nadezhdin was probably the first to use the word "nihilism" in Russian publication.
The S10 series (except S10 Lite) is the last model in the Galaxy S series to feature 3.5 mm headphone jack as its successors, the S20, S20+ and S20 Ultra, do not.
The Saarland national football team (
The sackbut was popular because it could be played loudly or softly, and it could also be played in tune.
The safety system will also shut down the radiation beam if the door to the hutch is accidentally opened when the beam is on.
The Safina party was routinely harassed and even its application to become an official political party was not approved until 1997.
The sailor spread the news, leading to the belief that he is dead, however some still believe that he lives on today, slowly dying as the wilds of the world are destroyed.
The sale had a clause that the two Stanley brothers could not build and sell cars for two years.
The salt water crocodiles on the reef travel long distances.
The same designs were used over and over.
The same gas is repeatedly heated and cooled within the engine’s cylinder.
The same individual is meant in each case.
The same infection can be in the baby's mouth.
The same month, a music video for her song "Holiday" surfaced on the internet.
The same pair came second in the doubles final at the French Open.
The same team of scientists also tried to clone macaques using nuclei from adult monkeys, but it did not work.
The same terms are used for fish moving through water.
The same two lights can be plotted as the sum of their waves in the time-domain (this plot shows power, P(t), as a function of time).
", the same Villain who injured him, in a final battle, All Might retires from being a hero, focusing on being a teacher and to raise Izuku as his successor.
The same year he joins as main presenter of the program Intrusos along with Marián Sabaté.
The same year he released his 2nd album “Darin” which went platinum and provided him even more success than his debut album.
The same year, he was one of the people who started the "Bund nationalsozialistischer Bühnen- und Filmkünstler" ("
The samples are from both archaeological sites and geological sites.
The San Joaquin is more polluted than the Sacramento, and about convert of it is actually dry.
The San José de Ocoa province has a total area of convert.
The satellite was sent into orbit on February 5, 1987.
"the Savage Mountain". citation Only about 300 people have made it to the top. citation citation This is much less than the 5,600 who have made it to the top of Everest.
The scaled model of the Abbey shows the abbey buildings at the time of the dissolution in 1552 with the crosswalk and numerous side buildings.
The scallop Pecten has up to 100 millimeter-scale reflector eyes fringing the edge of its shell.
The Scarecrow Festival happens every year.
The scar is raised with a punch tool and the edges are smoothed together.
The Scarlet Sails celebration is the big climax of the White Nights season, the largest public event anywhere in Russia.
The scenery was created by Pierre Cisceri.
The Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes population was 9,584 and 170 respectively.
The scheduled kickoff times are 21:00 CEST/CET, with two matches on each Tuesday and Wednesday scheduled for 18:55 CEST/CET.
The schedule for the school rotates on a 5-day basis from Monday to Friday.
The scheme did not work out, and Rouse was arrested, tried and executed for the crime.
The scholars of each field have developed different ideas about altruism.
The school counselor guessed that he might have had "a problem at home" but nobody to talk to, so he felt desperate and lonely.
The school gives the good students some awards, such as scholarships, Academic Awards, Flying Eagle Awards and Improvement Awards.
The school has been closed and the buildings removed.
The school in the US tries to offer social activities to the students so that they do not become criminals.
The school is operated by the New York City Department of Education.
The schoolmaster starts to go home.
The school's main campus is located in Harmony.
The schools were most common from the 17th century to the 19th century.
The school was founded in 1793, chartered as Hamilton College in 1812, and has been coeducational since 1978, when it merged with Kirkland College.
The school was new: it had been founded when Inge was 5 years old by Hanna Adler, a wealthy woman.
The school was started by Mr. Durant and his wife.
The scientists do not even need to see the organism to use DNA barcoding.
The scientists found that individual swans do not change where they like to go during their own lifetimes.
The scientists left the other yellow-spotted tree frogs where they were.
The scientists themselves held differing views as to how best to go about their work.
The SciFi Channel had announced the series' cancellation several months earlier, and despite intense fan pressure on the network, negotiations between SciFi and the Jim Henson Company failed to renew the series.
The scope of this article is limited to the Pacific Ocean to the north of the equator between 100th meridian east and the 180th meridian.
The Scottish Executive also approves the move, but asks Scottish farmers to hold off.
The screen can spin around and fold back on the keyboard.
The screenplay was written by Charles Brackett and Jacques Théry.
The screen provides coverage of the DCI-P3 color space and is characterized by a contrast of 400 000:1.
The scriptorium at Monkwearmouth-Jarrow was kept very busy.
The script (the way it was written) came from the Chinese script.
The script was written by Geoffrey S. Fletcher.
The Scroll and the Cross: 1,000 Years of Jewish-Hispanic Literature.
The sculptured Conaro family watch the vision of St. Theresa.
The scythe was later used to create fully developed Slayers of the many Potential Slayers.
These 304 days were followed by an unnamed 50-day winter period.
These accusations grew much stronger after the far-right activist Tommy Robinson was appointed an advisor to Battern in November 2018.
The sea has an Arctic climate with regular northern winds and temperatures rarely rising above 0 °C.
These all run "watchOS", a modified version of iOS.
These also overlap in a head to tail direction, producing a tough outer layer.
These amino acids were also found in spark tube simulations, Miller S.L. 1953 Production of amino acids under possible primitive earth conditions.
The seamount is also known as "Meiji Guyot" because it has a flat top.
These and other rifled guns were distinguished by their black barrels.
These annals are lists of the key events in each year of the rule of each king, arranged in date order.
These antennas broadcast several Boston radio stations.
These are all based in Munich.
These are almost always accessed by hiking, and are for expert, extremely experienced skiers ONLY.
These are also red supergiant stars.
These areas typically are not supervised and are often the haunt of criminals such as prostitutes and drug dealers.
These are automatic shotguns.
These are based on free BSD.
These are based on Turnbull's Blue—a Bearded Collie from working stock, registered in ISDS when ISDS still registered non-Border Collies.
These are being flushed into the bay of Vauville.
These are called collapse earthquakes.
These are called "hacks" because they use top level domains in ways that they were not intended to be used.
These are called inhibitors.
These are called itūmālō.
These are called "learned professions".
These are called "resonators".
These are called the three additive colors.
These are considered to be the attributes of Allah.
These are educational institutions related to the military.
These are either lighter colored than the surrounding skin, or reddish in color.
These are formed by snowfall in very cold places where it will not melt in the summer.
These are further divided into 144 gminas.
These are inspired by the free software and open-source movement and the success of GNU/Linux.
These are its main features: Michener C.D. 1969.
These are just some of the many miracles in the Bible.
These are life situation, altered thinking, altered emotions, altered physical feelings and altered behaviour.
These are "mild," "moderate", "severe", or "terminal."
These are much less common that the simple sharp or flat, but can still be seen in some types of music.
These are not called 'landing craft'.
These are not necessarily errors, but should be unusual cases.
These are now called "
These are players who once played for Napoli and players who still do.
These are smaller windows which are above the main windows.
These are some of the most luminous of all stars.
These are some representative works.
These are sometimes called ice tubes.
These are sometimes done to remove ads or to add features to an app.
These are strings which vibrate when the other strings are played, making the sound richer and sweeter.
These are the Black crappie and the White crappie.
These are the county capitals of Romania.
These are the First Deemster and Clerk of the Rolls (who is also the Deputy Governor), the Second Deemster, and an additional full-time Deemster.
These are the main scriptures of Cao Dai.
These are the most numerous kind, used in electronics.
These are the newest types of exams.
These are the teams of the 2020–21 season.
These are three long narrow "
These are typically just stronger cortisone ointments.
These are used in laboratories so only people who have the right skills can enter.
These are used to write consonant strings.
These are usually called protocarnivorous plants.
These are usually large areas of land.
These are usually made by small movie companies, or even just a small group of people that do not have much money.
These are usually more about language than about how it should look.
These are usually small spot growths caused by too much exposure to the sun over time.
The sea route was also called the "Silk Road".
These Articles made the United States into a confederation.
The sea shores are cooled by ocean breezes.
The season ended with the episode "Krusty Gets Kancelled" on May 13, 1993.
The season was very inactive.
The seat of the government is Hamburg Rathaus.
These bedroom bondage games are often with one partner willingly being restrained with rope or cuffs.
These benefits are claimed, but not proven.
These books cover most evolutionary topics.
These boys also took part in plays at the king or queen’s court.
These buildings are built amongst large lawns and thickets of trees such as the Sunken Garden and the Tropical Grove.
These buildings were built in the same style as Italian buildings.
These cakes are not made with solid butter or vegetable shortening.
These can be completed if wanted using cheat codes in the game.
These can be found on the movie's soundtrack CD.
These can be used for allowing water to be squirted from high up, to bring firefighters up to a high position, as an escape route for firefighters, and for rescuing other people.
These can be used to change Kirby's living space.
These can stem from feelings of anxiety and a general lack of emotional control during the first few days of withdrawing, which results in swaying back and forth between anger and euphoria.
These cars are very rare, because there are not many places where one can fill up with hydrogen, and so not many are made.
These cells allow the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered.
These cells contain a flagellum, which is surrounded by a collar of cytoplasm at its base.
These challenges include the way the fund works, what its functions and goals are, how it is governed, and how it will do its job.
These changes create the electrical signal.
These changes in the body cause people to gain weight rapidly when they stop dieting and return to their old eating habits.
These changes made more office space.
These changes meant that it could carry 30% more fuel.
These characters were created by authors who combined pre-existing elements.
These chemicals may come from bacteria or from other phagocytes that are already there.
These churches became orgainized into four denominations in the early 1800s.
These church manors were usually larger, with a significantly greater villein area than the lay manors next to them.
These claims are mirrored in the many names used for the islands and the sea.
These clays were deposited in the past by low-velocity streams which tend to deposit fine-grained sediment.
These coevolutionary hotspots are embedded in a broader matrix of coevolutionary coldspots, where local natural selection is non-reciprocal or where only one of the participants occurs.
These come from the Treasury and state the cost for taking care of the cat.
These common characters (called '
The second act which had to be performed was the conferral of the imperium upon the king.
The Second Boer War began in 1899, and Kruger had to escape to Europe in October 1900.
The second book was turned into a stage show at the John F. Kennedy Center for Performing Arts in October 2007.
The second bridge opened on 13 July 1887 and is still in use.
The second case was confirmed on 17 March, a close contact of the first case.
The Second Collection was released on April 12, 2013.
The second company was in 1628 and called the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
The second district attorney who tried to work on the case, George E. Barnhill recused himself after Arbery's mother found out Barnhill's son had worked with Gregory McMichael.
The second dorsal fin is about two-thirds the size of the first one and is located behind the pelvic fins.
The second festival is the Mantou Festival.
The second form, or 'morph', becomes better known by predators as its number increases.
The second generation Citroën Junpy/Dispatch was created in November 2006, citation The Peugeot Expert was created in January 2007.
The second generation ended in 1984.
The second group of six are from the east end.
The second guard nervously agrees, implying that he had not checked the package.
The second had both countries agree to have the same military and economy policies and was called the "Secret Supplementary Protocol".
The second harmonic vibrates twice as fast (
The second in command, Noun Chea, also called Brother Number Two, said later that the mass killing was a mistake.
The second, is Mansoor Zakaria.
The second legs were played on 12 and 13 March 2008.
The second link, which is barrier-free, was built on the former area of Exit A which has been closed since late 2007 for reconstruction.
The second number is the identification number.
The second parliament was in 1265.
The second part are 7,7, called Shimonoku.
The second part of a vasospasm -vasodilation - occurs after the vasoconstriction.
The second part of Robert's work was in gene-splitting and gene splicing.
The second part, the "Order" part, would show the trial and whether or not the suspect did the crime.
The second part was thought to cover Fulk's own rule.
The second satellite to reach Mercury is NASA's MESSENGER.
The second season also proved to be a setback for the team as they finished with a total of 5 Wins, 8 Loses and 1 No Result (Match got cancelled due to rain); and thus not making it to the playoffs again.
The second season of the anime series aired between April 1, 2017 and June 17, 2017.
The second segment of the road begins at Riverside Avenue and ends at Covington Road.
The second semi-final will take place on Thursday, the 11th of May 2017.
The second set of recordings was made in Rome in April 1904.
The second single, "Dog Days Are Over" was released 1 December 2008.
The second squad of WAC/St.
The second stage is called Centaur, and has one/two RL-10 engines from Aerojet Rocketdyne.
The second test done by ZPD is to figure out where the child is at the moment, mentally, in relation to where they are supposed to be or where they will be as they grow.
The second type (convection caused by unequal soaking) can be called contact convection.
The second was Jen Taylor.
The second was the main module where people could live.
The second wave of anti-Italian violence took place after occupation of Slav army in May 1945.
The second wave started about twenty years later.
The second were Jordan and Jeff (from Big Brother 11).
These corps formed these organizations because they did not like the rules of the American Legion, which many believed prevented creativity.
These councils have the same powers and duties of a county council.
These countries choose who runs the World Bank, so what they want is what the bank does.
The Secret History of the Mongols reports that Temüjin was born with a blood clot grasped in his fist, a sign that he was destined to become a great leader.
The Section 3 part of DOMA has been marked as not constitutional by eight federal courts as of 2012.
The sections in between the main "A" section are called "episodes".
These dams included the Hansen Dam, Big Tujunga Dam, and San Gabriel No. 1 and No. 2. At its peak, the Los Angeles River's flow was about 38,000 cubic feet (1,076 cubic meters) per second.
These days, children may be put in foster care for a short time, and after, the child may go back to the parents again.
These decisions are made by the International Union of Geological Sciences (IUGS).
These decisions, however, only applied to adult courts.
These demonstrations became bigger and bigger and reached their peak on 23 October when 320,000 people came.
These demons were originally storm demons.
These details can help mineralogists figure out what minerals they are looking at.
These differences come from the fact that certain religious communities include those parts they find important and leave out other parts they think are less important.
The sediment gets dropped in a layer, usually in water at the bottom of a river or sea.
These divisions are found below the district level.
These doctors can answer health concerns and medical conditions a patient may have.
These dogs are usually gentle and happy and good with children and other dogs.
These droplets join together until eventually the oil is floating on the water again.
These drugs slow the progression of the HIV virus in the body.
These early pieces of clothes were made to fit the male genitalia.
The seeds are mostly small and winged, and are wind-dispersed.
These efforts were against the recommendations of Morris, who urged a more cautious and scientific approach.
These electrodes are left connected to a defibrillator.
These elements have atomic numbers greater than 92.
These engines made convert of thrust each.
These errors are known also as system failure.
These exams are good for universities.
These expansions increased the system's length from 37 km to 97 km with 99 stops.
These expeditions were hugely successful.
These explosions are incredibly violent and incredibly bright, sometimes outshining entire galaxies.
These features may be lost or modified by later coelurosaurs (birds, for example).
These female factory workers were often called: Lowell Girls, named to the place Lowell.
These fingers are called palpi.
These fins are used for steering during swimming and help to provide the shark with lift.
These first farmers likely had another problem: When people become adults most lose the ability to digest fresh milk.
These five towns were Hobara, Yanagawa, Date, Ryōzen, and Tsukidate.
These flocks may include other species of starlings and sometimes species from other families.
These focused on the events that occurred in between.
These forces are part of the Central Readiness Force.
These frogs live in lakes and streams near the ocean.
These gods became known as Osiris-Dionysus.
These groups are called ensembles, from the French word for "together."
These groups have survived in the forest and mountain regions in India for many years.
These groups include such a wide range of different types that lt is difficult to say how common the phenomenon is.
These had been trampled into the dirt by hundreds of reptilian feet, judging from the many three-toed footprints that covered the damp cavern floor.
These had originally four gates: Porta al Borgo, Porta San Marco, Porta Carratica and Porta Lucchese.
These have been used to heat houses and streets, mostly in the downtown area.
These have winds so strong they can even form other tornadoes.
These heavy rains included convert of accumulation in just one hour, between 6 and 7 AM on the 16th; precipitation on both the 15th and 16th exceeded the 1,000-year probability rainfall event.
These horsemen were called the "Roughriders".
These horses were usually stallions, bred and raised from colts specifically for the needs of war.
These houses were well-made, but did not have a lot of ornamentation.
These ideas are turned into imaginary people, whom Christian meets and talks to, on his way to Heaven.
These ideas were about the limits of human consciousness, for example how the eye does not see all the colors because they are beyond our field of vision.
These include crickets and worms.
These included the right to work for money, sign contracts and be allowed to vote in elections.
These include fake shower heads for the gas chambers; cans of Zyklon B; the door of one of the gas chambers; and a crematorium.
These include hand stencils, dynamic figures in large head-dresses carrying spears and boomerangs, Namandi spirits and mythical figures, including Alkajko, a female spirit with four arms and horns.
These include Japan's second largest island, Hokkaidō, as well as Russia's largest island, Sakhalin.
These include plants from faraway countries, e.g.
These include: roads in the middle of nowhere, between two seemingly random points; screen and estate walls; piers in the middle of bogs; etc. Howley, James.
These include romantic relationships.
These include tangerines, which are redder than most mandarins, and clementines, which are large, smooth and plump.
These include Tess of the d'Urbervilles, The Mayor of Casterbridge and Far from the Madding Crowd.
These include the Three-Point contest, the Skills course, and the Slam Dunk contest.
These include the Timucua, the Tequesta, the Calusa, the Seminole, the Miccosukee, and many more.
These include things like paying teachers, buying books, and paying for all the other things schools need.
These include tiger parts, such as Hu Gu (tiger bone) which is substituted by bobcat bone, and Chuan San Jia (scales of the pangolin) which has no animal-based substitute.
These include two public swimming pools, a golf place and an artificial lake.
These include versions with computer monitoring, and versions that seem like other emergency medical conditions, such as severe wounds and trauma.
These issues were discussed in those four weeks.
These jobs were all taken away and given to the new ministry.
These kind of hormones that work opposite of other hormones are called counter-regulatory hormones.
These kinds of vehicles do not need wires.
These kinds of welding can get hot, but they do not make the metal melt.
These Kurds were victims of the Arab Belt plan.
These languages are less common in other countries, but in some countries like Bolivia, they are considered official along with the main European language.
These languages can be based on an existing natural language or can be artificial.
These last three forms were no longer used at the beginning of the Heian Period, and chōka also disappeared a short time after.
These laws describe behavior that can be a threat to national security.
These leaves were long and narrow, similar to large blades of grass, and were spirally-arranged.
These lines are called "voices", even if they are not being sung but being played on instruments.
These lines are still spoken today, by speakers of every language, in the original Latin.
These look like scribble art, comic books, abstract art and so on.
These machines were designed by other companies but in 1956 Taito designed and produced Japans first jukebox.
These made him confident, and he started calling himself God.
These magazines were started because big newsapers sometimes had parts that were for women.
These make them look more dense and fluffy.
These many spelling systems caused confusion among non-Chinese speakers and therefore whatever name speakers of other languages called place names ended up sounding very different from Mandarin Chinese.
These measurements, combined with proper motion, suggest a true velocity relative to the Sun of about 140 km/s.
These members are well-known measurement experts who are elected by the CGPM.
The semi-aquatic crayfish burrow into the soil to get to water (so that they can breathe).
These missionaries go to a "Missionary Training Center" for a few months where they learn how to be good missionaries, and then live in another place for their mission.
These mixed feelings created an atmosphere of political in-fighting, and the people were no longer united behind one goal.
These moves will leave the WAC with four members in 2013—fewer than the six required by the NCAA for full Division I membership.
These municipalities (comuni) are grouped in 38 circoli (circles or sub-districts) which are in turn grouped into districts (distretti).
The Senate House is a building in Cambridge.
The Senate is made of elected members two from each region, the city of republican importance (Almaty) and the capital city of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
These newspapers and commentators made fun of David Cameron's attempt to show himself as a regular pasty eater citation (i.e. as one of the people) and that George Osborne's did not know what a pasty was.
These nobles managed to have Gaveston banished again, but he was quickly recalled by Edward.
The sentence against Barayagwiza was later decreased to 35 years due to a legal mistake.
These numbers are estimates the exact numbers are not known.
These often rest on ballast, which is a name for very small pieces of broken up rock that are packed together and keep the railway tracks in place.
These often take charge during routine debates.
These old trains had helped replace steam and were popular with the public at the time.
These organisations represent one of the currents of Turkish, Bosnian and Arab Muslims.
These paintings show us today the English court life in the time of Henry VIII of England.
These people need to get their drugs, they will pay any price they can afford.
These people should then convince the local population to convert to the Christian faith.
These people were called “non-conformists”.
These pictures are from Klee's mature career.
These pictures, which are often quite small and are painted on wooden panels, are often very careful copies of particular famous icons.
These plants were medium-sized trees, growing to heights of 30-50 meters and about 100-160 feet.
These players are included on the basis of their winning matches against credible opponents.
These plays were written to copy the style of the plays from Ancient Greece and Rome.
These points are given to the person who played the final move.
These prevent the car from turning over during the rapid start of the race.
These prisoners brought with them a plague which ravaged the Hittite Kingdom continuing well into Mursili's reign and may have killed Suppiluliuma himself.
These problems badly affected the economy of the world.
These problems meant that the project was ended.
These programming languages are more like the language with which one talks and writes every day.
These programs show users ads and force them to use websites that make money for the malware writers.
These purchases and sales will define the price of the company's share price.
The sequences are quite different between BV and IV, suggesting that the two types evolved independently.
These railways were closed in the 1960s in the Beeching Axe.
These reactions heat up the stratosphere, but lead to a drop in the temperature on the ground.
These regions include the Unova region, the Sinnoh region, the Hoenn region, the Johto region and the Kanto region.
These releases began on 19 February 2007; each DVD was released months after the original release.
These restaurants generally attract customers only because of the theme itself.
These retractions cause the skin of the chest wall, the skin of the neck and or the breastbone (sternum) to move in when breathing.
The Sergeant appears with his regiment.
The serial killer she is trying to catch is called ‘Buffalo Bill’.
The series changed as time went on.
The series featured special effects never before seen on American television.
The series follows 12-year-old Ezekiel Zick (called Zick) who suffers from various allergies and has the ability to see the invisible monsters that live among us.
The series has an important influence on German writers in the field.
The series includes all levels: A1 up to C2.
The series involves child characters using mathematical concepts to advance each episode's plot.
The series is hosted by a group of men called The Chaser.
The series is now in its fifth season.
The series lasted for two seasons, from 1995 to 1997.
The series premiered airs at 9:30AM ET/PT times on February 9, 2000 on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. block in the United States.
The series returned with two Jewish holiday specials in May 1995 and December 1996.
The series then describes the adventures of Fry and the other workers as they go around the universe making deliveries.
The series was first shown on 20 May 2013 and ended on 13 September 2013.
The series was inspired by the 1975 movie Moonrunners.
The series was scheduled to begin on Monday, March 19, 2012, but was moved to Thursday, March 22, 2012, and on Thursday, March 15, 2012, a rerun of the first episode was broadcast.
The series was written by Craig Mazin and directed by Johan Renck.
The Series won a Prix Gémeaux for Best Animated Program or Series in 2011.
The serpents venomous bite was so painful that Ra gave in and told her his secret name of creation.
These rules describe what composers of the past did, rather than telling composers of today what to do -- in fact, music composed today can have completely different rules than the music of the past.
The serve that is set has to be in the box diagonal to where the server serves.
The service is free, which means people who are hurt do not have to pay money to be driven to a hospital.
The service sector is an important part of the economy.
These same châteaux became popular tourist attractions in modern times.
These schools (ways of teaching) include Ikenobo, Sogetsu, Ohara.
These scutes looked like the scutes present in reptile groups, but they are of a different type of structure.
These sharks have two dorsal fins, often with spines, and no anal fin.
These shorts are used because it supports the behind and the back for good posture.
These statements about me are totally false.
These strengthen the platelet plug.
These students are usually included in the general classroom and just need more support.
These subfields are known as Near IR, Mid IR and Far IR spectroscopy.
These sums were amended by the Montreal Additional Protocol No. 2 to substitute an expression given in terms of SDR's.
These swifts are in the genus Aerodramus.
These symptoms may be related.
These syndromes are called "
These systems would be removed (if the West paid for the removal).
These take the form of virtual particles, which we wouldn't be able to detect directly.
These tales involve him being smarter then or making fool of other courtiers and sometimes even Akbar, using only his intelligence and cunning.
These templates are for use on talk pages.
These territories may contain the breeding places of up to eight females.
These things are true, but they mean the emergency room case is very complicated for a thought experiment.
These three episodes could be changed into a 90-minute movie for theaters if the television series failed.
These three, plus the next five teams in the conference standings, earn playoff berths at the end of the season.
These tickets can be used to prove authentication to SS.
These tiny species are all belonging to ATP clade.
The set of people that a person knows well or with whom a person frequently interacts seldom exceeds several hundred.
These tons of debris into the open tombs.
These towns once supported militias which could be used for defence of the area.
These traditions are different in different times, places, cultures and even families.
These trains were known commonly as "slam-doors".
These translations are usually difficult to read.
These trucks used many of the same parts.
The setting is a tropical Latin American rainforest, incorporating interpretive elements from throughout Central and South America.
The settlement faded quickly.
These tunnels are a primary reason why subway was never built in Odessa.
These Turkmen tribes in traditional order (as well as top to bottom) are Teke (Tekke), Yomut (Yomud), Arsary (Ersary), Chowdur (Choudur), and Saryk (Saryq).
These two are also "Get to the Goal" levels.
These two books changed Le Guin's career and made her a major writer.
These two groups are contrasted with one another.
These two had a trusting relationship like their fathers.
These two scientists both predicted that this area existed, although it was not until some years later that it was proved.
These two stories have been made into songs.
These types of tracks are usually called circuits.
These types of transcriptions are often referred to as a "reduction": the simplification of a large work to be performed by a smaller ensemble or a soloist.
These units added about 1,500 troops to the original 11,000 men defending Henderson Field.
These units were formed primary as a protective force for base and port security, but has since been trained and deployed for amphibious and land combat operations.
These used a Walter Alexander bus body.
These uses of regression rely heavily on the underlying assumptions being satisfied.
These use the motion of a person's arm to make a cut.
These values are then transformed into their binary equivalents to be saved.
The seven daughters of Kabil Maha Phrom.
The seven former colonies of Portugal have Portuguese as their official language.
The Seventh and Eighth Dynasties ruled from c. 2181 to c. 2160 BC.
The seven Tribal Areas lie in a north-to-south strip that is adjacent to the west side of the six Frontier Regions, which also lie in a north-to-south strip.
The Seven Wonders of the World (or the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World) is a widely-known list of seven great buildings or structures from the classical time period.
The severe thunderstorms produced tornadoes.
These verses became famous because they were introduced into a version of the book.
The Seward Peninsula has several rivers.
These were a poem and a short story.
These were both previously Director of Music at the Australian government filmmaking organisation Film Australia, overlapping between 1985-1987.
These were just some of the issues plaguing the Eastern and Western Christians that led to the Great Schism.
These were lower grades than they gave "Forget You".
These were mixtures of volcanic ash with melted ice and snow.
These were novels about the sea.
These were prison camps which the Nazis set up before World War II started.
These were: St. Mary's, Caterham United Reformed church and St. John's.
These were the people that he later wrote about in his own stories.
These were the two most important routes through the 50-mile long South Mountain.
These were used in most wars from the late 15th century to the late 17th century.
These were were probably among the fastest of all dinosaurs.
These were What's Wrong (lang) and Yayaya.
These will destroy the pathogens.
These will do most of the work.
These will keep more air from getting in through the hole in the chest.
These words are used to show how many people are playing.
The sex ratio of Navi Mumbai city is 831 females per 1000 males.
The Shaiva Upanishads are a group of 14 minor Upanishads of Hinduism variously dated from the last centuries of the 1st millennium BCE through the 17th century.
The shamash is lit first, then used to light the others, while a prayer is recited.
The Shangluo Government is here. citation It covers convert.
The shape and structure of proteins.
The shapesused also influence how accurate the approximation is.
The shear greatly lessened greatly on the 19th, and John became a hurricane on the 20th.
The sheep are being taken care of by Little Bo Peep.
The Sheik recovers from his injury.
The shepherd music starts again, but it is only one of the shepherds playing.
The Sheriff corners Robin after he is forced to return to rescue a straggler, setting fire to Prince John's castle and causing Robin to leap from a tower into the moat below.
The sheriff has one more.
The Sheriff taxes Friar Tuck and a family of rabbits.
The shield may be divided in a number of ways, usually following the lines of the ordinaries.
The Shield : red (Gules) with three gold (Or) bands drawn diagonally across to the right hand side.
The shill works for the man who does the tricks to extract money from the onlookers.
The ship has been on the ocean floor for more than 100 years, and would shatter into many more pieces if disturbed.
The shipyards were owned by Kaiser Shipbuilding Company.
The Shire of Strabogie is based in Euroa.
The Shire was settled by the Hobbits in the 24th century of the Third Age.
The Shiva Purana has Balarama and Krishna.
The Shockley–Queisser limit gives the maximum possible efficiency of a single junction solar cell under un-concentrated sunlight, as a function of the semiconductor bandgap.
The shoes became very popular from the 1960s to the 1980s.
The shogunate prepared to defend against a third invasion, but it did not come.
The shopping center has a gross leasable area of 1.1 million square feet.
The shopping mall was opened on 2 April 1987.
The shoreline in the area features white sand beaches and offshore coral formations.
The short airstrip is at the base of a steep hill ending directly on the beach.
The shortfin mako shark has been recorded at depths of up to 740 metres.
"the short twentieth century".
The shot can be identified as Apollo 6 as it had a white Apollo module; all the others were silver.
The shovelnose frogs are digging frogs.
The show aired weekly.
The show based on the Monday Night Football Club books by Gordon Korman.
The show began in 1998 with Monkey Business, which was then replaced with Monkey Life in 2007.
The show began with the pilot episode The Naked Brothers Band: The Movie, a low budget pretend documentary.
The show contains 9 seasons.
The show deals with the concepts of surrogacy and selfless love.
The show debuted on September 8, 2008.
The show ended in 1994.
The show ended with 13 episodes in one season.
The show ended with the episode, "Unending" on March 13, 2007.
The show first aired in 2012.
The show followed the Walmington-on-Sea platoon, led by Captain Mainwaring (pronounced "Mannering"), a bank manager who appoints himself leader.
The show follows the title family, the Conners.
The show has had other names and other presenters, as detailed below.
The show has led to several movies, books, DVDs, and has been the inspiration for a couple of other TV shows.
The show is about a teenager named Leo who discovers three teens with bionic powers in the basement (lab) of his home.
The show is broadcasted through Fox and has been shown in over 100 cities in the United States.
The show is Channel 8's end-year blockbuster for 2015.
The show is expected to change regularly and have special shows for Halloween and Christmas, says show creator Steve Davison.
The show is held at Palexpo, a giant convention centre located next to the International Airport.
The show is in a show-within-a-show format.
The show is very successful, it has had a promising start.
The Show Must Go On!"
The show only had four episodes and in The Jeffersons it is said that the hotel where the maid worked at and where the show took place burned down so she came back.
The show ran until 2001.
The show sometimes had serious and controversial stories.
The show stars Joy Bhattacharya in a negative role as the main Antagonist.
The shows will all join together in a story event at an unknown time.
The show takes its name from the Firefly-class spaceship Serenity that the main characters call home.
The show takes place in a grassy, floral landscape populated by rabbits with bird calls heard in the background.
The Show telecasted Monday To Sunday at 6:00 P.M. This Show is Inspired from a Marathi Serial.
The show was 30 minutes long, but since 2001, it is 45 minutes long.
The show was aired from 7 January 1961 to 21 May 1969.
The show was cancelled after four seasons and ended with a cliffhanger.
The show was cancelled after only three season of thirty-nine episodes.
The show was on for one season before his sudden death.
The show was the brainchild of television producer Robert Maxwell and animal trainer Rudd Weatherwax.
The siblings are the sisters and brothers of a person.
The Sicklefin lemon shark is the larger of the two species, reaching a maximum length of 3.8 metres.
The sides are protected by columns made with mortelle and are always connected by festoons of mortella.
The Sidewise Awards for Alternate History were established in 1995.
The signal was used by ships to get the attention of shore stations.
The significance of agriculture to Orange County’s history was great enough that the Commonwealth of Virginia set aside approximately convert in the western portion of the county as the Madison-Barbour Rural Historic District.
The sign reads: Beating my wife destroyed my marriage, don't do what I did.
The Sikhs became rulers of large part of the northwestern India.
The silk at the winding stage is known as "raw" silk.
The silt and clay and humus can move down because of the spaces in the soil.
The Silver Star may also be awarded to members of the armed forces of friendly foreign nations meeting the criteria.
The simple hierarchy of scientific places for Koobi Fora is the following: Koobi Fora is the region; the region is divided into fossil collecting areas; within fossil collection areas there are archaeological sites and hominid paleontological localities.
The simpler definition is given by the following.
The simplest kind would be made from emmer, water, salt and fat.
The simplest way is to dip the slide plus specimen into a solution of dye, then rinse it and examine.
The Sims was so successful it has created three sequels, (
The Singapore Fire Service (SFS) (present-day Civil Defence Force), the Armed Forces and the police all assisted in the rescue operation.
The singer never returned to La Scala again after that.
The single is known as the "best-selling single of all time".
The single "Loverboy" reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100.
The singles from the album include (from the original version of the album) "
The single "Son de amores" became the summer song in Spain.
The site found the Koopaling battles "uniquely bad", calling the game itself a "steaming turd".
The site of the old Roman fort is at Chester Green.
The site of the opening ceremony was Fisht Olympic Stadium.
The site was called "Zhongwen Wikipedia" (中文Wikipedia, Chinese Wikipedia).
The site was changed.
The site was founded and is currently run by Mike Slocombe.
The site was not updated for the download of Firefox 3 until 12:00 PDT.
The situation, however, is not this simple; In most cases, the victim has done something to either anger the offender, or to help the offender's actions.
The six abodes of Murugan are all in Tamil Nadu.
The sixth generation iPod Nano was released on September 1, 2010.
The size is about eight centimeters (three inches) wide and five centimeters (two inches) tall.
The size of these sets are then written as (
The size of the viola is measured from the bottom to the neck of it (its body's length).
The size suggested the largest squid known at the time.
The skills he learned as an apprentice on Savile Row helped him to get a reputation in the fashion world.
The skin is dry and covered with small warts.
The skin on its back is gray or brown with darker marks.
The skin on the fingers will quickly become accustomed to this, depending on the amount of practice.
The SKS remained in second-line service for decades.
The skull fragments were found in the lower middle terrace gravels at a depth of almost eight metres beneath the surface.
The skull of Rapetosaurus krausei (Sauropoda: Titanosauria) from the late Cretaceous of Madagascar.
The skull would have been about 50 cm (1.65 ft) when complete.
The Skye Boat Song remembers him.
The slag is drained, leaving only the iron.
The Slender Man soon became very popular on the Internet.
The slits; distance between top posts approximately one inch.
The small-bodied ornithischian dinosaurs Micropachycephalosaurus hongtuyanensis and Wannanosaurus yansiensis from the Late Cretaceous of China.
The small circle has featured many unusual items since its creation.
The smallest patient treated was a spider tortoise (0.08 kg) and the largest was an Asian elephant (4,826 kg).
The smalles truck is the 1 1 4 -ton HMMWV ("Hum-V" or "Hummer").
The snare drum is the smallest of the three.
The snowboard was born in the seventy's through the imagination of several different Americans.
The snow line depends on the location.
The Sobig worm (also known as Sobig.
The Social Conquest of Earth.
The society has about 20,000 workers at its New York headquarters and branch offices around the world, and says its staff are volunteers rather than employees.
The Society obtained authority to become a full college in 1956.
The Society of Jesus (
The Soda Lakes lie in the far southwestern part of the city.
The software of this stage has passed almost full testing and the main errors have been corrected.
The soldiers and the public had been told that the First World War would have been over by December of 1914.
The soldiers that set the land mines were called sappers.
The soldiers the memorial is dedicated to were buried temporarily in the Jewish Quarter until the war was finished, and then they were reburied in other places.
The soldiers thought they should be given land and other benefits.
The soldiers were on their way to Delhi, to meet Bahadur Shah II.
The solid-state rectifier has since replaced the mercury-arc rectifier.
The song and its music video were released on April 20, 2018.
The song, a reworking of his 1959 hit, reached the top of the UK Charts.
The song became one of Palmer's best known hits.
The Songbook follows the models of Castilian poems compilations performed earlier, as the Songbook of Baena 1445 and the General Songbook of Hernando del Castillo, published in 1511.
The song "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" was nominated for an Academy Award.
The song entered the Billboard Hot 100 at number 35 but rose to number three the following week. citation It also reached number three in Canada and the top five in the UK.
The song explores the issue of underage pregnancy and the effect on both the young mothers and their families.
The song features Swedish singer, Robyn.
The song got to number one on the Hot Latin Tracks.
The song Hakanaku Tsuyoku was used as the second opening for the show.
The song is about how much Knowles likes having sex with Jay-Z.
The song is about Swift being frustrated at her ex-lover wanting to fix their relationship.
The song is "a song about a song about love".
The song is from her album Control.
The song is from her first record Coco.
The song is known for its very heavy guitar.
The song is like other Oasis songs, such as "Supersonic", because it tells the importance of being yourself.
The song mentions Van Diemen's land: "subtracting till my fingers dropped; into Van Diemen's Land".
The song of the black-capped chickadee is a clear whistle.
The Songo Queen is a boat people can ride on and view the water.
The song "P’tit homme" was written for Jalbert's son Félix.
The song quickly reached the best position in the music charts citation after it positioned itself in the first place of Gaon Digital Chart. citation "Dream" also won five times the first place in Music Bank and Inkigayo.
The song reached number one on the charts of several countries, including the United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom.
The song reached the top 20 in the US and Canada.
The songs are about outsiders of the US society.
The songs colored in orange qualified for the final.
The songs for the new dub retained the same translation as the previous dub, but were sung by Sonya Isaacs.
The song sold 4 million copies in the United States.
The songs on it include "It's Alright It's Ok", "Hot Mess", "Hair" and "Crank it up".
The songs on this album were a little slower than their previous songs.
The song "Sunshowers" and "Galang" were re-released.
The song they released was "Teltel Heaven".
The song topped charts in Canada, Australia, and the UK.
The song was a big part in causing the East Coast–West Coast hip hop rivalry to worsen.
The song was added to the coveted A-list of BBC Radio 1's playlist, and has received a substantial amount of airplay during the day on the station.
The song was first performed at the 2007 VMA awards; a performance heavily criticized by the media comparing it to Spears' standards in previous ceremonies.
The song was on her 1994 CD Against the Streams.
The song was released as a digital download on 20 January 2018 through Low Wood and Play Two as the lead single from their second studio album Vu d'ici (2018).
The song was released in late 1962, though it did not become a hit until spring of the following year.
The song was released on 19 February 1998.
The song was released on 8 August 1994.
The song was released on January 6, 2001.
The song was released on November 8, 2011.
The song was re-recorded for the single.
The song was the 21st best sell of 2005 with 3,970,000 units sold.
The song was the 83rd best-selling single of the 1990s in the United Kingdom.
The song was written by Ezra himself and was produced by Cam Blackwood.
The song was written by Kim Eana and produced by Christian Vinten and Chelcee Grimes.
The song won, and therefore advanced to Eurovision.
The song won Best Original Song at the 2000 Academy Awards.
"The son of Swedish immigrants, Ozzie was an Eagle Scout at 13. He grew up in Teaneck, N.J., with a strong sense of family values."
The sound carries some distance and is a good indication of an approaching herd.
The sound of the end of the word "liver" in the name of the bird is like "driver" not "river".
The soursop contains black or brown seeds that are not eaten.
The Southampton Tramways Company was made to build a new tramway system.
The South Australian part of the Musgrave Ranges was granted to the Pitjantjatjara people in the Pitjantjatjara Land Rights Act 1980. citation Since then, most people have moved into settlements in more hospitable areas.
The south entrance to this valley was Cassino.
The southern corroboree frog is Australia’s most endangered frog.
The South had been mostly Democratic before 1964; it was mostly Republican after (Although on the local level continued to be heavily democratic for decades).
The Soviet Conduct of Tactical Maneuver: Spearhead of the Offensive by David M Glantz.
The Soviet forces moved west and made a ring around Stalingrad.
The Soviet Union conducted 456 nuclear tests at Semipalatinsk from 1949 until 1989 with little regard for their effect on the local people or environment.
The Soviet Union's economy was lagging and the government was spending a lot of money on competing with the west.
The Soviet Union slowed the process of making its nuclear industry bigger for some time.
The space also helps to keep the inside shell dry so the decoration does not get damaged.
The Spahn Movie Ranch site is empty, abandoned and now part of California's Santa Susana Pass State Historic Park with the historic section along Old Santa Susana Stage Road, on the park's northern side.
The Spanish Dollar became the world's first global currency.
The Spanish governor appointed Boone "syndic" (
The Spanish version of "Miracles Happen (When You Believe" which is titled "Siempre Hay Milagros" was included on the Spanish Version of The Princess Diaries.
The sparrowhawk's long legs and toes help it to catch and eat birds.
The SPD is traditionally the party of the workers in Germany.
The Speaker of the Nigerian House of Representatives is the presiding officer of the house.
The species also is named after Graham Thomas 'Butch' Lenton, who was the mayor of Winton.
The species went from being one of the most usual birds in the world during the 19th century to extinction early in the 20th century.
The specimen discovered was a juvenile.
The speed of the Allied advance and a lack of deep-water ports made it hard for the Allies to supply their troops.sfncheck Beach supply operations using the Normandy landing areas could not supply enough provisions.
The spelings are Ahmad, Ahmet and Ahmed.
The spill resulted in the release of at least 100,000 cubic meters of water containing high concentrations of cyanide, as well as heavy metals such as copper, zinc and lead.
The spindash is a move where Sonic can curl up, gain energy, and roll at high speeds.
The sports grouped as "Nordic events" were held in the Callaghan Valley near Whistler.
The spurious Book XIV was probably written by Hypsicles on the basis of a treatise by Apollonius of Perga.
The Spurs had won the first game, but he pointed out that the series was not over yet, saying, "The opera ain't over till the fat lady sings."
The squall line of severe thunderstorms moved back into Tennessee and Mississippi.
The square used to be surrounded by mostly boutiques, restaurants and snack bars, shops.
The Squirt Nozzle (the default nozzle) and the Hover Nozzle, the Rocket Nozzle, and the Turbo Nozzle.
The SS never called them by their names - only by their numbers.
The SS took away their personal things, including their clothes.
The stable was controversial due to their pseudo-
The Stabyhoun is a gentle breed that is patient with children and other dogs.
The stadium can hold 5,327 fans.
The stadium holds 6,000 people.
The Stadium is also used for concerts (for example Oasis, Take That and Pink).
The stadium replaced the former stadium of SV Ried which had only 1 100 places and was a multipurpose stadium with a running track.
The stadium's highest ever attendance is 10,210.
The stadium was referred to as "Ravens Stadium" in 2002.
The stadium will be demolished in 2018.
The stage is organized through x and y coordinates, with the center coordinate (0, 0) placed in the center of the stage.
The stages are set as body parts that make up a human skeleton from Abdomainland, El Beau Island, Tibuland, Armington, Pumpington, The Last Leg, and Eyeland.
The stains used are certified stains, tested by the Biological Stain Commission.
The stampede began as a farming fair in 1886 and turned into the Calgary Stampede in 1923.
The Standard Model includes all of the elementary particles described above.
The standard model is believed to be theoretically self-consistent.
The standard return for electrical and electronic circuits is the earth ground.
The startup application manager was dropped from this release.
The state and union territory capitals are sorted according to no legislative and judicial capitals.
The state court upheld the decision he had to pay the tax.
The State Legislature first met there in 1790.
The state media confirmed that he was shot dead by police near Bahir Dar on 24 June, citation while several of his alleged co-conspirators have been detained.
The state of doing it is not visible outside the database.
The state of matter affects a substance's properties.
The state took further actions against Yukos, leading to a collapse of the company's share price.
The station derived its name from the temple.
The station has a first class area, the only one in Wales.
The station is about convert under the ground.
The station is built on part of the former Bidadari Cemetery.
The station is near Singapore Polytechnic.
The station is on the North Kent Line.
The station is served by a regular train service, with some direct High Speed services to and from London Paddington.
The station is situated approximately 40 km from Howrah station on the Howrah–Bardhaman main line.
The station opened on 14 September 1972 more than a year after the rest of the line had become fully operational.
The station was called Five between 2002 and 2011, when it was owned by the RTL Group.
The station was in the Smith Hotel, at the present-day place of Fourth and Main Streets.
The station was shaped like a cylinder and had four areas.
The station would be underneath Wellington Street.
The statue is one of the most popular tourist destinations in Germany with over 130,000 visitors a year.
The statue's feet do not allow it to stand on its own.
The statue then needed to be finished and polished.
The statue was created in July 2011.
The Steelers own all three of the other teams.
The stem changes to a written long vowel so the stem of lopen becomes loop.
The Sterling Warriors are the athletic teams that represent Sterling College in Sterling, Kansas.
The Stevens station is located at the junction of Bukit Timah road and Stevens road, where the station takes its name from.
The stick insect can sometimes reach over 13 inches (33 cm) long.
The Stilton Cheesemaker's Association say the first person to market Blue Stilton cheese was Cooper Thornhill.
The stoa was then connected to the Odeon.
The Stone circles of the British Isles.
The Stone Cold Truth (p.91-93) The match ended in a thirty-minute time limit draw.
The stone has the names of the 23 fighters, including the name of the British officer who was lost with them.
The stone retaining wall had projecting stone towers spaced about every convert.
The stones hurt the feet of the horses and bullocks.
The Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty (SHAC) campaign group are the main opposition group.
The store opened again a week later.
The stories of Ponce de León and his search for a fountain of youth developed after his death.
The storm almost died out on August 10, but it gained back its strength.
The storm became slightly stronger as it moved over colder waters.
The storm caused minimal damage.
The storm finally died on August 17.
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 50 mph (80 km/h) and began to move quickly northeastwards into colder water temperatures.
The storm hit in July 2008.
The storm is still raging outside.
The storm kills one person in New York.
The storm then hit western Cuba and crossed the island.
The storm was a Category 3. Carol killed 68 people.
The story ends with George standing up during a machine-gun barrage.
The story follows five mystical warriors called the "Saints" (or "Knights") who fight wearing sacred armors named "Cloths", the designs of which derive from the various constellations the characters have adopted as their destined guardian symbols.
The story has been made into films and used in video games.
The story has been reprinted many times.
The story in this game takes place directly after Path of Radiance.
The story is about nihongo, her parents, and their pet cat nihongo.
The story is about Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba, brother and sister.
The story is about two lovers, Heer a beautiful village girl from a rich and noble family; and Ranjha, a poor farm boy.
The story is told as if the girl would tell it herself.
The storyline is about an FBI named Malcom Turner going undercover as an elderly woman called Hattie Mae "Big Momma" Pierce (Sherry's grandmother).
The story-line is about Copper wanting to join a band of singing stray dogs.
The Story of Lewis Carroll, told by the real Alice in Wonderland.
The story showcases a pure love story between two teenagers and how their love matures over time and rises above the different obstacles of life.
The story's main theme is society.
The story was from Lowenstein's personal experience of living in a shared house in Melbourne in the late 1970s.
The story was that on his deathbed, the king had changed his mind, and promised Harold the throne.
The story where original character Adam Chance murders ex-wife Jill Harvey three months into the new series' was unpopular with fans.
The St. Petersburg Times.
The strait is now named after him (
The Strange Love of Martha Ivers is a 1946 American crime drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the short story Love Lies Bleeding by John Patrick.
The strangest recording included on the album was "Revolution 9", an avant-garde "picture of a revolution as it happens", as Lennon described later.
The street is convert long and has 89 shops.
The street-level structures are of white Portland stone with tall double-height ticket halls, with the famous London Underground roundel made up in coloured glass panels in large glazed screens.
The street runs through the whole city.
The streets of the city were decorated with archways for the emperor to pass under.
The strengthening trend stopped early on July 8, due to wind shear, and Bertha quickly weakened back to a Category 1 hurricane that afternoon.
The strict trimester framework of Roe is discarded and replaced with the more vague "
The strongest notion of security, therefore, is security against existential forgery under an adaptive chosen message attack.
The structure of a sulfone.
The structure of the compound eye creates the illusion of a small pupil.
The struggle lasted 50 years, from 499–449.
The students, Mayor Hartsfield, and restaurant owners tried to talk to each other about segregation.
The students of the school regularly perform all over London.
The students progress at their own pace and one learns to overcome.
The study of bryophytes is named bryology.
The study of curricula is part of most qualifications for teachers.
The study of male reproduction and sex organs is "
The study was public in November 2014.
The style of music she sang was enka.
The style of these sculptured figures was solid and natural, not "elongated" (made longer) like most Medieval sculptured and painted figures.
The subject is a girl who is neglected by her rich and busy father.
The subspecies nigripes differs in having yellow skin between the bill and eye, and blackish feet.
The subunguis is the soft, flaky layer, and the grain is parallel to the direction of growth.
The success and popularity of the domestic one-day competitions in England and other parts of the world, as well as the early One-Day Internationals, prompted the ICC to consider organising a Cricket World Cup.
The success of this experiment rides on the behavior of the guards to make it seem as realistic as possible” (pp. 65) There was direct instruction to behave more assertively, and approval of the behaviour of the 'tough guards'.
The Süddeutsche Zeitung was published for the first time on October 6, 1945.
The Sugar Plum Fairy is a character in The Nutcracker.
The suggested Fair Housing Bill was sent to the United States Senate first.
The sulfuric acid is reused in place of the sulfur trioxide to leach more zinc oxide.
The summer of 2011 saw two other schools accept invitations to join in 2012—Seattle and UT Arlington.
The summers are hot and dry.
The sunflower sea star is the only animal that eats large numbers of purple sea urchins.
The sun is shining on the surface.
The Sun is the brightest object in the Earth's sky.
The sunlight hits chloroplasts in the plant.
The sunrise and the sunset is beautiful with the blue sky.
The sun rises in the morning in the east, and sets in the evening in the west.
The Sunshine Coast is bordered by the Pacific Ocean in the east, and extends to the local government boundaries beyond the Blackall Range to the west.
The Sun swallows the spaceship in "The Impossible Voyage"
The Supreme Court clarified this in a case called Osborn v. Bank of the United States (1824).
The Supreme Court explained what "
The Supreme Court said that Darski could be guilty of the crime of “offending religious feelings” even though he did not mean to.
The surface area of even a fat stem is far less that the total surface of leaves in a tree.
The surface gravity may be thought of as the acceleration caused by the gravity experienced by a hypothetical test particle which is very close to the object's surface and which, in order not to disturb the system, has negligible mass.
The surface of the cell shines like glass.
The surfaces are mostly internal surfaces, though in some animals mucus covers the outside of the animal.
The surrounding area, in the Huatanay Valley, is strong in agriculture.
The surrounding mountains give Ullswater the shape of a stretched 'Z' with three distinct segments (or 'reaches') that wend their way through the surrounding hills.
The SV is based on the standard Diablo.
The Swan and Sugar Loaf pub, which featured as the firefighters' local pub, has since been converted to flats.
The Swedish calendar is one day ahead of the Julian and ten days behind the Gregorian calendar.
The Sylhet region is well known for its tea gardens and tropical forests.
The symbol is the symbol of a diode with a kind of snag.
The symbol of this is the diode symbol, with an ‘S’ at the peak.
The symbol was discovered in the present-day of Macedonia regard it as a misappropriation of a Macedonian symbol, unrelated to Slavic cultures, and a direct claim on the legacy of Philip II.
The symphony came from the overture, and "D major was by far the most common key for overtures in the second half of the eighteenth century."
The syndrome is named after Dr. Charles Lowe, who first described it in 1952.
The syndrome shows that there may be riboflavin deficiency.
The syngens are so similar in appearance that they have not been given separate species names.
The System- Don't Disturb this Groove vinyl LP liner notes.
The system must have these elements: the move number, the piece moved, the square it starts from (optional), the square it goes to, and other relevant information such as captures, and castles.
The system then compares the fingerprint that is read with the one in the central database for authentication.
The system was called '1275', but the correct name was V.23.
The system was four questions, known as Koch's postulate.
The System was mostly compatible with System/360, which IBM had built before.
The T21 was technically identical with the MaK 800D.
The tabby pattern is not visible at all in the white portion.
The table and list below show the current support.
The table below is showing 5 verbs both in their perfective and imperfective aspects.
The Table of World Heritage Sites is evolving as more sites are added to a growing list.
The table shows that the uncertainties in the means for the two samples are very close to each other.
The tablet is attributed to the second quarter of the 14th century.
The tadpoles are gold with brown spots.
The tadpoles are silver-white in color.
The tadpoles have wide fins on their backs and narrow fins on their bellies.
The tail is longer than the body.
The tail occupies more than 2/3 of the total length.
The Takeda attacked the castle because it threatened supply lines.
The Tale of Genji included many beautiful scroll paintings.
The talks have been online for people to watch for free since 2006.
The tallest tree ever found was the "Ferguson Tree", at 132.6 metres, found in the Watts River region of Victoria in 1872.
The Tallinn cafe (1967-1969) was located on the first floor of Harju Street 6, the Varietee stayed on the second floor.
The Tamagotchi are electronic pets, and the player takes care of them as part of the game.
The Tandava-Lasya dances are associated with the destruction-creation of the world.
The Tanghuiyao (8–10 c) called them Tsze-gu (Kirgut) and Xiajiasi.
The tangible heritage includes universities, forts, cities, cathedrals, schools, hospitals, missions, government buildings and colonial residences, many of which still stand today.
The tapes would be worked up into a typed manuscript by some of his followers.
The tape with the message on it had to be read at speed.
The TARDIS model used for filming in the 1980s.
The target area for Épée is the entire body.
The task of proofreading and correcting the actual printed pages of the Folio was left to the compositors and printers in the print-shop.
The Taste of Chicago (known locally as The Taste) is the world's largest food festival.
The taxonomic name of the order derives from the Greek words γυμνος (gymnos, naked) and οφις (ophis, snake), as the caecilians were originally thought to be related to snakes.
The Tayasu were the oldest members of the Shogun's family who still had the name Tokugawa.
The teachers Clemens Richter and Elisabeth Meinhart have taught at this school until 2010.
The teaching language is English.
The teaching of Sino-Vietnamese characters was discontinued in 1917.
The teak wood of some country is famous all over the world like Myanmar and Sudan Africa.
The team captain of a football team is a team member who is chosen to be the leader during a football match.
The team continued to enjoy a fair measure of success during the 70s but gradually slipped down into the third tier Amateur Oberliga Berlin where they spent two seasons (1986-87 and 1987-88).
The team departed for South Korea in late February.
The team from Malaysia included people from Singapore.
The team has competed in the city since 1969, with the exception of 1983.
The team is a founding member of the MLS.
The team is for English players that are 21 years of age or younger.
The team is managed by Bob Stapleton and Rolf Aldag.
The team lost three decisions in a row.
The team moved their home games to BMO Training Ground for the 2019 season, after they dropped to the USL League One.
The team of Jessica, Gia, Leanne, and Amber win by having $36 more dollars.
The team plays in the Regionalliga Süd the 4th German Football division.
The teams have been nicknamed Titans since 1919 or 1924, depending on the source.
The team's manager is Gerardo Martino.
The teams play through the Apertura and Finalización tournaments each year.
The team started playing in the QMJHL in 1997.
The team that bids the highest is allowed to call, the suit that will count higher in melds and take tricks.
The team that scores more goals on aggregate over the two legs advances to the next round.
The team was also called Allegheny, or "the Alleghenys".
The team was then known as the Shawinigan Dynamos from until 1978.
The team with the best record in each league plays the winner of its league's Wild Card game.
The team with the highest score at the end of the match wins.
The team won eleven medals in twelve Olympiads between 1928 and 1980.
The technology used in new installations depends on a variety of factors.
The tectonic plates of the world were mapped in the second half of the 20th century.
The 'teeth' protruding from the rostrum are not real teeth, but modified tooth-like structures called denticles.
The teeth were tall-crowned and were covered with cement and wrinkled enamel.
The Telegraph May 16, 1981 On the Cable CNN is a 24 hour video newspaper by Tony Seideman https://news.
The telephone is not connected to anything.
The telescope normally has a crosshair to make it easy to align it to the points to be surveyed.
The television audience also lost interest.
The television series is being developed for release in late 2020.
The television series ran from 1963–1989 and started running again in 2005.
The television series was first shown on Teletoon in May 2005. citation 60 episodes (30 in English and 30 in French) were made and shown in the 2005/2006 Canadian television season.
The temperature of the sea is dependent on the amount of solar radiation falling on the surface.
The temperature reaches an average of convert in March, the hottest month.
The template convert template can be used to add templates to this category or its subcategories.
The templates here are mostly article message boxes and are used in articles themselves instead of on talk pages.
The temple had many riches: heavy golden chains and thousands of jewels.
The temple is one of the five such temples of Shiva in south India.
The temple of this town is the only temple dedicated to Lord Shani in the whole world.
The temple's historic door was rebuild as well.
The tenth caliph, namely Al-Mutawakkil, is the person who oversaw the introduction of hadiths.
The term "9/11" is often used to refer to these attacks.
The term came to be used to describe militant bands nominally associated with the free-state cause.
The term comes from situations where here is disagreement as to where a dispute should be legally settled in court.
The term differs from the American term "national monument".
The term East-West Schism describes the division which happened in Christianity.
The term ecozone, as used here, is a fairly recent development, and other terms, including kingdom, realm, and region, are used by other authorities with the same meaning.
The term "eviction" was not used until the second season.
The term Fatimite is sometimes used to refer to the citizens of this caliphate as well.
The term has also been used as branding for the tourism website citation Ice Lolly.
The terminal has six stories, three of which are allocated for passenger processing.
The term "iron man" can also be used to describe a game that is played by oneself whereas additional players would normally be required.
The term "Japanology" is more often used in Europe.
The term megadrought generally refers to the length of a drought, not its intensity.
The term MSM was created during the early 1990s.
The term o people of faith is derived from Persian ای اهل ایمان.
The term "Protestant", however, was not originally used by these leaders; instead, they called themselves "evangelical", emphasizing the "return to the true gospel (Greek: euangelion)".
The terms also apply to large areas of land.
The terms "electrical energy" and "
The term soccer mom dates back to the early or mid 1980s.
The terms Power over Ethernet (PoE), Power over LAN (PoL), and inline power are synonymous terms used to describe the powering of attached devices via Ethernet ports.
The terms 'tube' and 'tubing' are more widely used in the USA and 'pipe' elsewhere in the world.
The term was first used in 1951 by Manchester Evening News journalist Tom Jackson.
The territorial legislature was filled mostly with slave owners.
The territorry has a size of about convert.
The territory has 181 islands.
The testicles make the hormone testosterone, which spreads around the body.
The test lasts about one hour.
The test would only be about a small part of the subject, and only at that moment in time.
The text is the report this guard gives to Priamos, about what Kassandra had said.
The texts and artwork of Jainism show Indra as a dancer, although not identical generally resembling the dancing Shiva artwork found in Hinduism, particularly in their respective mudras.
The text talks about a Mrs. Finch.
The text (words) of this anthem was written by two men, Mustapha Sadiq Al-Rafi'i and Abul-Qacem Ech-Chebbi.
", the Thames often froze over in the winter.
The theater company was founded in 1974.
The theme of the competition was "Bright Nordic Winter Nights".
The theorem is named after Stephen Cook and Leonid Levin, who first described it in the 1970s.
The theory had been proposed before, more than once.
The therapeutic index is a number that tells how safe it is to use a drug.
The thickness of honing oil matters a lot.
The thin blue line is its tributary.
The third baseman needs to have a strong throwing arm.
The third election of AKB48 happened from May 24th to June 8th 2011.
The Third Estate thought this could be improved by giving members of the Estates-General a vote each.
The third fight was known as the "Thrilla in Manila".
The third-generation S60 will have the hybrid powertrain and will be one of the five new electric models launched in 2019 with the second generation V60 and a fully electric sports coupe.
The third generation was made from 1980 to 1986, it was the first Escort to offer hatchback models as well as front-wheel drive, it was mildly updated in 1983 with a 5-door estate added and also spawned a saloon version called the Orion.
The third had must be better than the second hand.
The third level of government after Commonwealth and State/Territory is Local government.
The third most successful album is Human.
The third series, The Power of Three, involves Squirrelflight's "kits", Jayfeather, Hollyleaf, and Lionblaze, and the special powers that they have.
The third type of music school is independent of the other education a child or adults gets.
The third version was made late in the war.
The thought he put into his poems is not deep, but his faith to Spain attracted people to read them.
The three branches are as follows:-
The three different parts provide different tones where the yellow strings which is often the first position, while the white strings being in the second position and the bridge, and lastly the yellow strings behind the bridge.
The three emperors and Prince Bismarck had requested of Dugléré a meal that would live in their memories and the maître de cave, Claudius Burdel, was instructed to accompany the dishes with the greatest wines in the world.
The three larger animals all have insulation and temperature regulation, and hence a high rate of metabolism.
The three leagues have a total of sixty teams, fifty-two in Canada and eight in the United States.
The three ride through town in the buggy.
The three teams lost influence in the sport and income they would have received if they had signed.
The three types of neutrinos change into each other over time, so an electron neutrino could turn into a muon or tau neutrino and then back again.
The three Western allies were asked to keep their troops in Berlin until the Soviets had left.
The three winners of the semi-finals move on to the finals.
The Thumber (not to be confused with the thumber forehand) is a throw that is rarely used in competitive play, compared to the Hammer or standard forehand.
The Tibetans traveled to Nepal, and the Naling Deva was happy.
The tide going in and out changes the amount of area that can be used.
The tiger killed the man in what appears to be the only (recorded) premeditated act of revenge by a tiger.
The Tiger Leaping Gorge was the planned location for a dam, but the plan was scrapped in late 2007.
The tiger shark is found near the surface to depths of up to 350 metres (1150 feet).
The timamids are the sister group of the Australo-Pacific ratites.
The time he spent on the university campus had a major impact on his life.
The time it takes depends on different factors, like the size of the array.
The time the gestation period takes depends on the size of the animal, smaller ones have short lengths and bigger ones have the opposite.
The time was near Durgotsab.
The time when they were built was a peaceful one in the region.
The tip is shaped in a certain way to match the groove cut into the head of a screw.
The title changed again to Young & Modern in the 1980s.
The title of Anna Magdalena Bach's manuscript was Suites á Violoncello Solo senza Basso.
The title of Baron Snoy et d'Oppuers still exists today.
The title of each is given in italics in the list of stories below.
The title survives to this day.
The title was influenced by his youth where a railway run beside his home.
The Tobin tax idea was the subject of much discussion in Europe in the summer of 2001.
The toe box allows the dancer to feel a pointe, while the insole and outsole work together to give the resistance for developing foot and ankle strength.
The Tomb is one of the more popular sites at the Cemetery.
The tomb of Amnytas was built in the 4th century BC.
The Tomb of Rachel, Rabbi Akiva's wife, is an ancient tomb building located in the western part of the cemetery.
The Top Division was run by the Professional Football League of Azerbaijan.
The Topeka Constitution was the first effort to create a Kansas governmental structure and write its basis in law.
The top four teams from the "Super 6" stage progressed to the semi-finals, with winners playing in the final.
The top half of the disk is red, the bottom half is white.
The topics covered a range of natural history topics in entomology, marine zoology, and botany.
The topic was politics, diplomacy and intercultural exchange in the 21st century.
The top level of non-League football is the National League.
The topmost level contains a series of smaller galleries, which holds the gallery's collection of Australian art.
The top of the column, the capital (14) is made up of a group of annulets.
The toppings used are different in different parts of the world.
The Top Safety Pick award goes to vehicles that pass the five tests alone.
The top thicker strings (i.e. strings one to four) are further wrapped in a thin silk thread, coiled around the core to make it smoother.
The Torah says God wants the people of Israel to walk in His ways, to love Him, and to serve Him, and to keep God’s commandments (Deut. 10:12–13).
The tornado hit during the afternoon rush hour, killing 21 people and injuring 463 others.
The Tosefta is a collection of ancient jewish oral laws collected by scholars in the first 200 years AD.
The total amount for the project is US $430 million.
The total amount of the overcharges paid by customers of a cartel is the major component of damages that can be recovered by plaintiffs in private antitrust suits.
The total area of Chiba is convert.
The total cost of construction is 1.58 billion yuan (US$255 million).
The total cost of the redevelopment will be $36 million dollars.
The total number of large industrial organisations is 319, compared to 733 small industrial organisations.
The total number of Spanish-speakers is more than 395 million people.
The total of fourteen candidates on the mayoral ballot is record-setting for Chicago mayoral elections.
The total population of the island is over 20 million people, and rapidly expanding.
The total quantity of letters and numbers on the plate is never higher than eight.
The total take-in was $140.4 million, against a budget of $19 million.
The Tour director Christian Prudhomme had said before that if this happened, there would be no alternative winners for those years, but this has not yet been made official.
The tourist office is affiliated to both the Dutch and the Belgian tourist boards.
The tournament final of the tournament was predicted by some to be a close affair.
The tournament was played between the 26 and 29 January 2011.
The tournament were feature both the men's and women's teams.
The tower is crowned by a 6-meter (20 ft) statue of a farmer sowing grain on a pedestal of wheat and corn, to represent the state's agricultural heritage.
The tower on Tower Hill was levelled.
The tower's gate at the eastern side goes to a small room, from where a narrow staircase goes up.
The tower was used in the capture of the spy "
The Town Band play at Melbourne's events.
The Town Board adopts ordinances, resolutions, budgets, authorizes contracts, and approves the financing of all Town operations.
The town consists out of 5 former independent villages.
The town grew from a farm owned by ex-
The town grew rapidly in the 1960s, and now has 30,000 inhabitants.
The town has many memorials, the national archives, and one of the oldest Anglican churches outside England.
The town has many mountains, with a lot of snow in the winter.
The town has the 64 Holy Tirthas, of which 24 are important accoring to Skanda Purana.
The town is a famous railway junction.
The town is along the bank of the Salmon River.
The town is between Monte Conero, Monte Astagno and Monte Guasco.
The town is home to Newcastle-under-Lyme School, an independent school.
The town is part of Cerdanya, province of Girona.
The town is small, with about 121 people.
The town is the seat of the canton's judical authorities.
The town lies on the river of the same name and has about 6,000 people.
The town of Burrel began in 1922 as the centre of the Mat District.
The town said that the rules are necessary because Carlisle has other water supply.
The townsfolk suspect Vienna has played a part in the heist.
The town site was laid out at Fifteen Mile Creek in 1852.
The town was established in the 1860s on what was the Pastoral Lease 'Goolagong'of Edward Sheahan from around 1840.
The town was founded in the 1680s as Peagscomsuck until 1703.
The town was joined with the royal burgh of Kirkcaldy in 1930.
The town was rebuilt, and grew to about convert by the early 3rd century.
The town was twinned with Seesen (
The Toyota Automobile Museum is in Nagakute.
The track featured Wrabel's vocals and piano playing titled "Ten Feet Tall" and resulted in an international hit.
The track is convert long and incorporates a total of 25 turns.
The track mostly abandoned during the war years.
The tracks include the songs from TWICE, Ariana Grande, and others.
The track was damp on race day and Berger jumped the start and then hesitated.
The track will be located southeast of Austin next to state highway 130. The track will be located on a 900 acre site.
The traditional jersey, and traditional guernsey, are dyed a navy blue colour, using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil, rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant.
The tradition carries on today.
The train goes up the tower, and back down.
The trains connect Nonsan to all big cities in the country.
The tram network is still under construction as it will be extended toward the port of Piraeus.
The "Tramp" was a man of good manners, who wore a coat, a pair of big trousers, shoes, mustache, and a black hat.
The transfer also applied to the few other prisoners Saint-Mars had to guard.
The transom of the Soleil Royal, by Jean Bérain the Elder.
The Traunstein is 1691 metres (5548 ft) high.
The traveler’s cheque was a very safe way of getting cash from a bank when travelling.
The tray bent sideways to remove the ice cubes.
The treaty itself ended the Albigensian Crusade.
The Treaty of Tilsit in July 1807 ended two years of bloodshed on the European continent.
The Treaty of Versailles: A Reassessment after 75 Years (1998 ed.).
The treaty puts it at 5° East longitude, and 62° North latitude.
The treaty was popularly known as the Gandhi-Irwin Pact.
The tree can grow to over convert.
The tree form has changed separately in classes of plants that are not related, in response to similar problems (for the tree).
The tree grows to a maximum height of 40m and 10m wide, with a trunk of 2.5m covered in thick, scaly, black, grey-brown bark.
The Tree of Life image that appeared in Darwin's On the Origin of Species by Natural Selection, 1859.
The trial is held by a general court-martial.
The trial started in early 1993, but Honecker was released due to ill health and on 13 January of that year moved to Chile to live with his daughter Sonja, her Chilean husband Leo Yáñez, and their son Roberto.
The tribes have been divided in many different ways.
The tribes were switched on day 11, mixing the two tribes; later voting only strengthened Ami's alliances.
The tributaries of this river include Bhima, Tungabhadra, Veena, Koyna, Panchganga, Munneru, and Musi.
The trio has an "earthier, more overtly dancelike mood", he writes, but is "interrupted by a suddenly more serious" outburst from the full orchestra.
The triskele (or triskelion) is an ancient symbol, consisting of three branches or legs, that radiate from a centre.
The Trix go to a school for witches called Cloudtower.
The tropical wave also moved slow when it entered the Gulf of Mexico, making it easier for it to develop.
The truck crashes into a steel mill, this makes the tank to open and liquid nitrogen to spill all over the place, freezing the T-1000.
The true total number of fungal species in Chile is likely to be far higher.
The trunk is reachable only from outside.
The trust is governed by the terms under which it was created.
"The truth about porn."
The truth comes out about what Jon does.
The "-t" suffix is equivalent to "-ed".
The tubular shapes can be used for t-shirts.
The TU Dresden offers a wide range of courses and research.
The tuna may be cooked or canned.
The tuning fork was invented in 1711 by British musician John Shore.
The Turkish army drove the Greeks out soon after, killing many Greek people.
The Turks and Portuguese fought over East Africa for the next 200 years, but the Turks eventually won about 270 years ago.
The turmoil sometimes results in differences between related pages.
The turning of a handle powers mechanisms inside the model.
The turnpike is a limited-access highway, which means cars must use ramps to get onto the highway.
The Twenty-First Dynasty was based at Tanis and was a relatively weak group.
The twin brothers began filming another Modern Twain Story movie in the summer of 2009.
The twins do not accompany Meg and Charles Wallace on their interplanetary adventure.
The twin stations run much of the same programming.
The two Art Galleries and three Museum Galleries house permanent and temporary displays of Fine Art, Contemporary Art and Craft, Local and Industrial History and Natural Sciences.
The two bird species eat the caterpillars and sometimes the chrysalids.
The two brothers started fighting again.
The two buildings were connected by a corridor.
The two countries joined together to form the United Republic of Tanzania in April 1964.
The two disc CD has songs that were recorded during 1980-1982, during Jones'
The two disciples still did not recognize Jesus.
The two dogs escape out of the laborotory into the Lake District, where the story is set, where they find the cunning Tod, a fox living there.
The two earned $200,000 over their lifetimes.
The two frequently worked together on Nevada issues until Ensign was forced to resign his Senate seat.
The two gave up the titles the next night on Raw.
The two gunmen were also shot dead by police in the attack.
The two halves are called ante meridiem (am) and post meridiem (pm).
The two highest hills in Luxembourg, the Kneiff (560 m) and Buurgplaatz (559 m), are in the commune.
The two island groups are in the North Atlantic Ocean, southeast of the Bahamas, north of Hispaniola, at coord.
The two large islands of Upolu and Savai'i are 99% of the total land area.
The two lions in the upper right side represents the principality of Slesvig.
The two main rivers in the region are the Imperial and the Toltén rivers.
The two massive towers are blast furnaces.
The two may have coexisted.
The two men have different opinions but it was written to encourage people to come to the New World to live.
The two most common types of determinism are geographic determinism and economic determinism.
The two most dominant ones are the National Democratic Congress and the New Patriotic Party.
The two people in the election were Dan Sullivan (
The two plants play a major role in Copenhagen's ambition to reach zero carbon emissions in 2025.
The two predators start chasing the Charonosaurus.
The two species in Africa are the White rhinoceros and the Black rhinoceros.
The two species look somewhat similar and, like the orca, the false killer whale attacks and kills other cetaceans.
The two-storey station building, with a simple design and a kampung-style roof, was officially opened on 10 February 1996.
The two teams are captained by Alex Zane and Jeff Green.
The two teams left in each conference (
The two then become demon-hunting partners.
The two types of ion chromatography are: "
The two types of pilot whales are the long-finned pilot whale and the short-finned pilot whale.
The two types of pure tone audiometry are air and bone conduction.
The two voyages were the longest open-water kayak voyages ever made.
The two world wars disrupted the growing of truffles in Europe, and changes in land use has reduced the available area.
The two youngest members or Baby of the House take office as temporary secretaire.
The type of detector depends on the wavelengths of light to be recorded.
The type of MS that has remissions and relapses is called Remitting-Relapsing MS.
The Ugly American.
The ultimate goal in life is to fully realize our own divine goodness.
The Ultra beings’ main weakness is that they can only stay on Earth in giant form for a small time, usually not longer than three minutes, because of the small amount of energy supply (Earth's atmosphere decreases the solar energy).
The U-matic format was successful in business and some video broadcasting.
The UN chooses a political or social theme for the holiday each year.
The unconscious girl happens to be Asayo, who the protagonist had a major crush on in high school.
The underfolding stock version is designated the Pistol Mitralieră model 1965, and features a rear-pointing front handgrip, allowing the underfolding stock to be completely retracted.
The undergraduate college began to accept women as students in 1969.
The underlying of futures contracts are no longer restricted to commodities.
The underside of the cape is heavily pigmented, masking most of the body's photophores.
The Undisputed Championship would be renamed the WWE Championship, as having two world titles contradicted the term "undisputed."
The UN has declined to do so.
The Union and Confederate cavalry units fought throughout the day and by evening Buford had fought his way back across the Rappahannock.
The Union army that was positioned at the covered bridge fired the first few volleys at the rebels to harass their front positions.
The Union Army was successful at both New Market Heights and at Fort Harrison.
The Union pushed the Confederates back.
The Union soldiers that had taken positions at the covered bridge the night before began to take pressure from the 4th Kentucky in their front.
The Union surrounded the Confederates, and captured 600 men and two generals.
The United Arab Emirates National Olympic Committee was formed in 1979. citation They were recognized by the IOC in 1980.
The United Kingdom has different sorts of counties.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain Union with England Act 1707 (Scotland), Article 2 ff.
The United Nations estimated that 10% of the people were blind from eye diseases, especially trachoma.
The United States Department of State condemned Samira's murder.
The United States expedition to Korea in 1871, also known as Sinmiyangyo (Western Disturbance of the Year Sinmi year), was the first American military action in Korea.
The United States has hosted four Summer and four Winter Olympics, more than any other nation.
The United States Navy found the need for covert, elite operations.
The unit has a maximum speed of convert.
The units built on experience gained from the prototype 6TC unit.
The units can attack other units, build more cities, and improve the land.
The university also welcomes foreign students who wants to obtain a French degree.
The university consist of four undergraduate faculties, one Vocational School Of Health Services, and one institute.
The university has 350 degree programs and enrolls more than 27,500 students throughout 15 degree-granting colleges and schools.
The university has a "very high" level of research activity, and it got $484.6 million in sponsored research in 2007.
The university has six research departments.
The university has spent for its operation 126 million euros in 2011.
The University have had 213 rectors since its creation.
The University of Bern was founded in 1834.
The University of Cambridge is a "collegiate" university.
The University of Heidelberg confirmed on 14 April, 2013, that plagiarism had taken place.
The University of Hertfordshire, formerly the Hatfield Polytechnic, is a modern university.
The University of Kansas has the Lied Center of Kansas.
The University of Tuscia, established in 1979, is in the city of Viterbo.
The University of Westminster awarded him an honorary degree, Doctor of Letters (D.Litt) in January 2010 in recognition of his services to journalism and the voluntary sector.
The university owned 17 faculties and 92 departments.
The university regulates and coordinates the activities of medical education, training & research institutions throughout the province of Punjab.
The unknown gas that Pym study from the micro particles makes his body shrink when he inhales or drinks a potion of the Pym Particles.
The unofficial racing that became NASCAR started during the Prohibition Era of the 1920s.
The unusual thing about this picture is the smile.
The upgrades of the arsenal began in 1845-1854 with the construction of seven brand new workshops and the installation of 121 new machines.
The uplands, areas of higher landmass, form a triangle that is nested in the familiar downward-pointing triangle of the Indian sub-continent's coastline.
The upper incisors pointed straight downwards, while the lower ones jutted outwards.
The upper stroke going sideways in 天 is longer than the lower one in this case.
The uprising began as an anti-foreign, anti-imperialist peasant-based movement in northern China.
The Uprising was the largest attack done by any European resistance movement of World War II.
The Urus can accelerate from 0–100 km/h (62 mph) in 3.6 seconds and 0–200 km/h (124 mph) in 12.8 seconds.
The usage of the phrase begun on 7chan's now defunct invasion board, otherwise known as /i/.
The U.S. aims to achieve this goal for the benefit of the American people and the international community.
The US Army reserve has about 25,000 soldiers at these bases, and they also have about 8,000 civilian employees there.
The U.S. Army wants a troop carrier and a "secondary vehicle".
The U.S. Congress could not impeach him if he resigned.
The USDA continued to manage the school lunch program.
The use of 70 eV helps to compare the spectra generated from the test sample against known library spectra.
The use of a burr mill grinder gives a better grind than the whirling blade variety.
The use of muscles in everyday actions causes the filaments in our muscles to knit together.
The use of punctuation in English can change from place to place and from time to time, for the rules in use at that location.
The user can then click on any of the links to go to that webpage.
The US had to use airplanes.
The US has a PPP-adjusted GDP of $16, which has not changed since it is the reference currency.
The USSR agreed to this and started building missile sites on Cuba.
The Ustaše regime had sent large amounts of gold that it had plundered from Serbian and Jewish property owners during WWII into Swiss banks.
The Ustaše used many different kinds of systematic extermination (killing many people at once, using a system).
The U.S. Third Army intelligence chief, Colonel Oscar Koch, the U.S. First Army intelligence chief and the SHAEF intelligence officer had warned that the Germans might attack the U.S. VIII Corps area.
The US version ran from 2005 to 2011.
The U.S. wind industry generates tens of thousands of jobs and billions of dollars.
The vaccine is called BNT162b2.
The Vailala Madness got its name from the behaviour of people who took part in it.
The valley was widely publicized in the 1820s as a 'promised land of flowing milk and honey'.
The value of each layer is then the out of the activation function of the values of the current layer (called X) multiplied by the weights.
The valves make sure that blood only goes one way in or out.
The Vamana avatar was the fifth avatar.
The Variable Antshrike is about convert long.
The variant with the most produced pieces was Avro 683 B I, a plane which was the base of RAF Bomber Command at that time.
The variations of the instruments are used where the piece asks for it.
The variety in plant size, habit, flower size and colour of the genus Protea was the reason it was named after the Greek god Proteus, who could change his shape at will.
The various ancient Rome settings covered 55 acres (220,000 m 2 ).
The vascular stiffening mechanism in the tongue of the echidna (Tachyglossus aculeatus).
The vasoconstriction and vasodilation complete one spasm.
The vastly greater travel times involved would require a life support system.
The vast stellar nursery Gum 29. At its centre lies the cluster of young stars Westerlund 2. One object at the bottom of the cluster is a system of two of most massive stars known to astronomers.
The vehicle thus has a single meaning which is transferred directly to the subject.
The veins most commonly used are the internal jugular vein, the subclavian vein, and the femoral vein.
The ventral face of the hood may have a pair of small dark spots followed by a dark transverse band.
The venue itself can also be called a "cabaret".
The Versailles University Foundation (French: Fondation Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines) has been created in 2011.
The very first chord in the piece is very famous.
The very largest tadpoles grow to 5.5 cm long.
The victims were five children aged between 10 and 17. They were Pauline Reade, John Kilbride, Keith Bennett, Lesley Ann Downey and Edward Evans.
The Victorian Multiplot Novel: Studies in Dialogical Form.
The victors used captured V-2 rockets to start space and missile programs.
The video album provides very basic information about the singer's career, rather than going too much into detail.
The video also contains interviews with members of the band in between songs.
The video editing, color grading and dubbing studio has been renamed "Manna Digital Complex" in the digital system within the Bangladesh Film Development Corporation for his outstanding contribution to the Bangladesh film industry.
The video ends with Katy singing "
The video ends with Selena and her boyfriend running away from the world and going into a new one together.
The video featured backup dancers wearing shirts that are covered in radioluminescence (glow-in-the-dark) paint.
The video gained 6.3 million views within 24 hours of being uploaded.
The video starts with Cyrus asleep, blindfolded on a mattress in a bedroom.
The videos would be sped up by the app to be at a normal speed.
The video was banned from YouTube because it was sexually explicit.
The video was directed by Mike Lipscombe and produced by Michael Pierce.
The video was put on his channel on 2 October 2010.
The Vietnamese people could be a mixture of different groups from different parts of Asia.
The viewers are told the three were never seen or heard from again, although their video and sound equipment (along with most of the footage they shot) was discovered a year later.
The Viking program was the most expensive and difficult mission ever sent to Mars.
The Vikings have won their division 16 times, which is the third most among teams that are playing in the NFL now.
The Vikings were slave traders.
The village has several restaurants, cafes and bars.
The village is a tourist attraction, and there are high quality hotels, inns, seafood restaurants, and gift shops in town.
The village's population was 4,452 at the 2010 census.
The village was made in 1905 by splitting from the municipality of Ayer and Grimentz.
The violins are divided into first and second violins.
The Virginia Blue Ridge Railway (VBR) is a historic intrastate short line railroad.
The virtual machine is aware of the specific instruction lengths and other particularities of the platform and ensures that the Java bytecode can run.
The visual effects for the film were done by US based Legacy effects, making this their second Indian film after Enthiran.
The volcanoes were active in this area about 15-20 million years ago.
The Volga freezes for most of its length for three months each year.
The volumes are from one time to another at the top of book sales lists.
The walls are filled with a subsoil from when the structure was first built.
The wall was built to defend the city, but it also shows what people believed about the magic or spiritual power of mountains.
The waltz developed from these dances.
The waltz ends with a descending scale.
The war began after America demanded Spain peacefully end the Cuban fight for independence.
The War Crimes Commission found out, that 50 people were executed on 23 January.
The warehouse, known as Ghost Ship, had been changed into places for people to live and into an artist collective.
The war ended in 71 BC when the armies of Spartacus, after long and bitter fighting, retreated before the legions of Crassus.
The war is now over.
The war lasted for four years.
The warmest and driest days can reach up to convert.
The warmest month, on average, is June with an average temperature of convert.
The warning label included instructions on how to easily turn the bricks into alcoholic drinks."
The warning note from Ernst Mayr, and the work of William Hamilton are both important to this discussion.
The War on Drugs also lead to the creation of the saying "
The War on Terror also led to real wars.
The warren however, feels wrong to them (especially Fiver) due to the other rabbit's strange customs.
The Warriors played in the NBA Finals again.
The wars ranged from the 17th-century to the early 1900s.
The war started on 26 March 1971 and finished on 16 December 1971.
The Warta is Poland's third longest river.
The war went on for ten years swinging to one side and then the other.
The was in reaction following the death of 80 people at the 1955 24 Hours of Le Mans race.
The was the Chemin des bois, a collection of poems, many of which had already appeared in the Revue des Deux Mondes.
The was the first success of NASA's solar sail craft.
The watches made there, carried the name Louis Brandt.
The Watchtower's stated aim is to "honor Jehovah God, the Supreme Ruler of the universe".
The water destroyed almost all of the buildings, houses, and food.
The water from the Jordan is a very important resource to the dry lands of the area.
The water hyacinth is one of the fastest growing water plants.
The water in rivers is "fresh water" that has come from rain, snow and from underground streams.
The water product can be in the form of gas or liquid depending on the temperature post-combustion.
The water speed is slow and has a gentle swash.
The water vapor mixes with the air.
The waves created by the boat act like a ski jump for the surfer.
The Wawel Cathedral and Kraków's castle are built on Wawel Hill.
The way people think and feel can affect how they act. Freud’s ideas lead him to make his psychosexual theory.
The way the blood flows to the human nose is special, so it is possible (but very unlikely) for infections to spread directly to the brain from a cut, scratch or a popped pimple.
The way the Chinese government stopped the protest by force was important to Jin.
The WBP is not affiliated with some other independent parties in western Canada, such as the Alberta First Party and the Western Independence Party of Saskatchewan.
The weakened Seventh Army had, at Eisenhower's orders, sent troops, equipment, and supplies north to reinforce the American armies in the Ardennes, and the offensive left it in dire straits.
The Weakest Link won the CableACE Award in 2002 for Best Exellence.
The weapon catch is held in its place thanks to a rotating bolt who attach themselves to the appropiate socket when needed.
The weather is like many places in America with hot summers and cold winters.
The weather was poor with low visibility.
The website over the last year has shifted it focus to also include tabloid gossip alongside its traditional music news.
The website was then taken off the internet.
The Webster-Ashburton Treaty is signed.
"The Wedding of River Song".
The weight must be over a wide area to work.
The Weimar Constitution in booklet form.
The Welsh Border – archaeology, history and landscape.
The West Bengal assembly has passed a resolution saying the Indian state of West Bengal will, henceforth, be called Pashchim Banga.
The "West" course is made up of the other part of the full circuit, with the pit stop at the straight before the 130R corner.
The West-Eastern Divan Orchestra was started to help bring Israelis and Palestinians together to work for peace and to help solve the fight between Israel and Palestine.
The westerly high-ground route across the Vale of Llangollen was chosen.
"The Western Air Temple".
The western outskirts of the city are on the Gorro River.
The west front may have two towers like a French Cathedral, or none.
The west gate was built in 16th century, but the Virgin statues are from the 18th century.
The Weston cell is a wet-chemical cell that produces a highly stable voltage suitable as a laboratory standard for calibration of voltmeters.
The wetlands were created in the mid-18th century.
The wettest part of the mountains gets 90 inches of rain.
The Wheat Kings hold the CHL record for most points (125) in a single season, setting the mark in 1978–79.
The Whigs took full control of the government in 1715.
The WHO has classified the diseases in three groups.
The whole chorus is about if you have had a channeling experience and during this experience you find something you believe and trying to convince everybody else is not always an easy task.
The whole event was codenamed "
The whole of Ladakh was under the administration of Leh district until July 1, 1979, when Kargil district was bifurcated from Leh district.
The whole of the district is parished.
“The whole world let themselves be fooled by this man,” Kellner wrote on May 3, 1942.
The Wicked Witch of the West wants the slippers for herself so she can become the most powerful witch in all of the land of Oz.
The widespread Green Alder is a shrub, rarely more than 5m high.
The wild boar's head is very large.
The wild herbivores move as they eat, and they never stay in one spot because there is not enough grass for all of them.
The wind farm should employ up to 300 people during construction and about 25 when operational.
The wind goes around the sail and makes the boat move through the water.
The winds of the storm peaked at 120 miles per hour.
The wines from those places are some of the best in the world.
The wingspan of an aircraft is always measured in a straight line, from wingtip to wingtip, independently of wing shape or sweep.
The winner of the third season was Jeffrey Sebelia.
The winners of these matches are chosen by the writers of the stories from WWE.
The winner, Tina Wesson, was announced on May 3, 2001 where she won against Colby Donaldson by a vote of 4-3.
The winning party's total is shown in bold.
The Winx find the last fairy, Roxy, then earn their Believix after Roxy believed in fairies.
The wish comes true and gets the Flanders family into financial problems.
The Witches' Goddess: The Feminine Principle of Divinity.
The woman, Kuki, scolds him and insults him by calling him a caterpillar.
The woman on left is wearing pants while the one on right is wearing a skirt.
The women of Chéret's posters, playful, elegant, and lively were very different from previously depicted prostitutes or puritans.
The women perform a routine to music, and the men perform a routine without music.
The women served on the front line.
The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1982.
The women team is playing in the Second Bundesliga.
The Wonderful World of Disney Television.
The Wooden Horse is seen in the middle distance center.
The wood of the oriental raisin tree can be used to make buildings, musical instruments, ships, and furniture.
The word application has several uses.
The word applies to properties and relations to mark the fact that, if they exist, they do not exist in space or time, but that instances of them can exist, potentially in many different places and times.
The word batik is from Java and it means to "dot".
The word Briton was frequently used in the 18th and 19th centuries with the suggestion of "qualities of bravery and fortitude".
The word "carom" means any strike and bounce off something.
The word "catholic" comes from the Greek word "katholicos", which means "universal."
The word character can also mean "personality".
The word "college" is still attached to the name because of its historical importance.
The word derives from Old French engin, from the Latin ingenium, which is also the root of the word ingenious.
The word diary can also be used for a pocket diary: a small book in which people can write down their appointments so that they can remember what they are supposed to be doing each day.
The word frenulum on its own is often used for the frenulum preputii penis.
The word guitar is a word that the Iberian Arabic language took from the Persian language.
The word “indomitable” means: “something that cannot be defeated”.) Claggart does not like Billy’s attitude, and tells Squeak to watch him carefully.
The word lang in Venetian means "big street".
The word literally means the "study of dust".
The word "Lollywood" was first used in the summer of 1989.
The word "Mary" was added after the word "Hail."
The word “Menina” means “lady-in-waiting” or “Maid of Honour”, i.e. a girl who serves in a royal court.
The word "monkey" is a common-language term. It includes two rather different groups of primates.
The word 'nag a ram' is actually an anagram of the word anagram.
The word "poultry" comes from the French/Norman word poule, itself derived from the Latin word pullus, which means small animal.
The word prana means "breath" in Sanskrit.
The word "saint" is not only used by Christianity.
The word Sakura can also be used as a name for women.
The words anal-retentive (or anally retentive, anal retentive), often shortened to "anal", are used in everyday language to describe a person with so much attention to detail that the obsession becomes annoying to other people.
The words dairi means "Imperial palace".
The words have similar meanings.
The words "hot chocolate" and "hot cocoa" are sometimes used instead of each other, but there is actually a difference between the two.
The word sleeping in Your job description does not include sleeping is a gerund and not a present participle.
The word "sniper" came from Britain when highly accurate shooters would hunt–also known as "snipe"–birds that were very hard to see and shoot.
The words "The best is yet to come" are written on his gravestone.
The word Sturmabteilung was used before the founding of the Nazi Party in 1919.
The word Sunnah (
The word "Sushi" comes from the Japanese word nihongo meaning vinegar, and "nihongo, meaning rice.
The words "We the People" turned into a strong statement that this new government was made by the people of the United States, to benefit the people of the United States.
The word Thai (ไทย) comes from the ethnic group in the center of Thailand.
The word "Vietnam" is from Chinese Nányuè (南越), meaning “Southern Yue”.
The word "vivisection" is sometimes used negatively about any experiment with live animals.
The word wheelwright is not often used for people who make wheels today.
The work is widely regarded as one of the greatest of music-dramas.
The work mainly the building of a large pier or quay with a lighthouse at the end.
The work that it produced and its teaching methods had a world-wide influence on art, design, photography, architecture and art education.
The work was finished in two years.
The work was published in English in 1906.
The World at War.
The World Church of the Creator, now called the Creativity Movement promotes a federally-recognized racial religious creed called Creativity.
The World Cup and the European Championships ending very early, too.
The World Figure Skating Championships have also been held here.
The world in these early books is a dark and "divided place".
The world of Lucha Libre is threatened when a dark force named El Maléfico is accidentally released.
The world of the cell.
The world's longest river is the Nile in Africa.
The worlds top racers are revving their engines, tuning their vehicles and getting ready to burn some rubber.
The world, without the light of the sun, became dark.
The worm often used an email that includes "Re:" to seem as if people were being replied to from someone.
The writer lives in Vienna with his family.
The writers of these letters wanted Jumbo to live at peace in England.
The writers who contributed to its pages included Eliza Leslie, Catharine Maria Sedgwick, Lydia Huntley Sigourney, Hannah Flagg Gould, Sarah Josepha Hale, Caroline Howard Gilman, and Anna Maria Wells.
The WWF scheme is broadly similar to Udvardy's system, the chief difference being the delineation of the Australasian ecozone relative to the Antarctic, Oceanic, and Indomalayan ecozones.
The Wyoming toad or Baxter's toad (Anaxyrus baxteri) citation is a toad that has become rare.
The X Window System itself does not let the user to move and resize windows.
The X Window System was soon moved to Linux.
The XXI Olympic Winter Games were held from February 14 2010 to February 28 2010.
They absorb nutrients directly into their tissues.
They achieve a higher temperature by using mirrors to focus the rays of the sun.
They act to inhibit cellular processes around DNA metabolism which results in the death of rapidly dividing cells.
They affect the types and numbers of other species in the community.
They agreed that "effective occupation" would be the rule for colonial claims.
They agreed that the Soviet Union would stop selling nuclear weapons to Cuba.
They all have their different advantages and disadvantages and they are used in different areas of astronomy.
They all serve the purpose of leading the viewers eye into the painting.
They allude to a series of fiscal arguments similar to those of Catalan separatism in regards to Spain, citation although in last Catalan election, Tarragona province showed more support for separatism than unionism.
They also acted out ideas from the director, Richard Lester.
They also allow a person to re-enter their country.
They also believe in observing the Sabbath on Saturday (from Friday sunset to Saturday sunset), citation and that Christians should not commit sexual sins.
They also both hit the same area. citation Carol was the most damaging United States hurricane at the time.
They also can be made by people mining off the coast.
They also connect Buryatia with the rest of Russia.
They also decided there would not be a Prime Minister.
They also decide when a goal kick has been successful.
They also did a reality show named "Yun Ha Nam" for women older than them.
They also did not like the captain.
They also did not need to serve in levy (that is: army mustered up by conscription) and they did not need to pay state taxes.
They also do not last forever.
They also examined newer graves, which provided close-to-home examples of such bravery, in particular the graves of Joe, Sicknote, and Sub Officer John Hallam.
They also get caught in the garbage.
They also go out of the blood in places where there is infection.
They also got first in the Hanteo annual Singer Award chart for 2010.
They also guided the unit's movements.
They also had relationship with the Hindu Jat Rulers of Royal Bharatpur State in Rajasthan of Sinsinwar Clan.
They also have 1000000000 watts as a gigawatt.
They also have apparatus for throwing tear gas canisters and FAMAS riffles.
They also have a rough tongue that helps them peel the skin of prey animals away from flesh and flesh away from bone.
They also have been nominated for several musical awards.
They also have certain needs so they can succeed.
They also have control over garbage disposal, water supply, sewerage, zoning, development, and building codes.
They also have somewhat cold winters.
They also have to make sure that people who have died are removed from the lists.
They also have white on the front part of the body.
They also help people make decisions on if it is something worth looking further into.
They also invented many advanced scientific methods in the field of medicine, astronomy.
They also keep signals from the brain from getting through to the body, so the brain cannot tell the muscles to relax.
They also last longer than incandescent but until the late 20th century were much bigger and did not fit into sockets for small overhead lights and lamps like an incandescent could.
They also leap and jump through the rope while they are holding it.
They also look more into the future and go for the higher pleasures in life.
They also made large holes in fences where rabbits could enter and cause more problems.
They also need to ask the government to let them destroy any buildings.
They also often store this food.
They also performed land burials which often still included a ship, treasure, weapons, tools, clothing and even slaves and women buried alive with the dead chieftain, for his journey to Valhalla and adventure in the after-life.
They also prefer dark rocks or any other dark place to stay that is dark.
They also printed two other books that they had gotten from the contest.
They also provided jobs for smart and hardworking students who wanted to work on their summer vacation.
They also represented Australia at the South Pacific Music Festival in 1990 and 1992, and at the Asian Music Festival in 1990 and 1992.
They also said that the tour would end on December 4 2009, in Italy.
They also served as executive producers alongside Andy Fickman.
They also set the fastest lap of the race with (Hans Herrmann).
They also share common meals, and live together in a brotherly manner.
They also support more lenient gun laws.
They also tend to display their crests when they are frightened or ready to fight because the birds may appear larger than they really are.
They also test really old cars and do crazy stuff with them.
They also told him that Nava was the right guy.
They also took away their ID cards so that they can't say that they were seen as Burmese citizens in the past.
They also unlock new titles and emblems, and they increase their multiplayer rank until the limit of 80. Players can enter Prestige mode once they complete level 80. This resets all the player's weapons, perks and pointstreaks.
They also use different parts in the same truck.
They also used paintings that showed Aztec rulers as being close to the gods, doing what the gods wanted them to do.
They also used the fire station's actual mess, bay and watchroom throughout the series.
They also visited Ono's family in Japan several times, and made other trips.
They also want control of the island.
They also want to help people become excited about telling other people about their religion.
They also wrote down facts about who told each story.
They also wrote many hymn tunes.
The Yang di-Pertuan Agong is one of the few elected monarchs in the world.
The Yankees won the World Series again in 1962.
They approached Shaun T who submitted a demo which would later be called "Insanity", released in 2009.
They are 700,000 years older than any tools found before.
They are 8 to 15 mm long.
They are able to survive in the superheated and sulfurous water.
They are about 13 to 20 inches in length depending on the species.
They are about 50 percent larger than domesticated (tame) cats.
They are about convert in height, with a dark grey brown fur.
They are about two pounds in weight.
They are added to the root, the part of the word which does not change.
They are administered by a trust committee that oversees the fortune.
They are afraid of gaining weight.
They are against study fees and want to have only a comprehensive school (gesamtschule) instead of two or three different types of further school in most German states.
They are all circular, and have different designs on each side.
They are all similar in structure and habits, but vary widely in plumage colours and pattern.
They are all very hard to find.
They are also called gingiva.
They are also called streets.
They are also called the Regent House.
They are also eager to try new foods when they see them grown in their own gardens.
They are also in many other languages.
They are also known as golden hamsters because the first ones kept as pets were gold coloured.
They are also known collectively as astroglia.
They are also social animals.
They are also used to make ketchup.
They are also usually more brittle which means they do not bend much but can shatter.
They are a matrilineal society.
They are an intermediate between standard heels and stiletto heels, which are from 4 to 10 inches.
They are associated with many online and offline protests.
They are believed to integrate into existing neural circuits.
They are best known for their hit singles "Fire Water Burn" and "The Bad Touch".
They are between 11–18 centimeters long.
They are between Soufrière and Choiseul on the western side of the island.
They are bored and the people behind the cameras who call themselves Big Brother announce things through the loudspeaker.
They are both competing in para-Nordic skiing.
They are both large, soaring birds which are specialist feeders on dead carcasses.
They are bright blue.
They are broadly the same type of dog.
They are called "AKG" or "AKFG."
They are called 'positive' not because they are good but because they are "added on".
They are called the Dharma (Sanskrit) or "Dhamma" (Pāli), meaning "the way" or "the truth."
They are Catholics from the Mossi ethnic group.
They are cellphones for people who want a nice phone but cannot afford to purchase an expensive phone.
They are characterized by richly colored plumage, slender bodies and usually long central tail feathers.
They are cheated out of their rent money and thrown out on the streets.
They are Christians, animists (their own religion) and some Maasai are muslim.
They are Clown islands, Koi islands, and Orga islands.
They are commonly known as kraits.
They are convert tall.
They are described as a proud and powerful race of semi-divine beings that can take on many forms.
They are described in the blazon (heraldic description) by their tincture (color) and attitude (position).
They are divided into two subgroups; the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community and the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement.
They are drunken refugees from a country club dance.
They are easy to sing and remember.
They are encouraged to find a home somewhere else.
They are events in which runners will not have to "pace themselves", but can run as fast as possible for the entire distance.
They are eventually cornered in the command bridge by Imperial elite troopers when a single X-Wing starfighter shows up.
They are eventually discovered to be his illegitimate children from the many affairs he had during his younger days.
They are famous for their musical skill and dance.
They are far outside our own Milky Way.
They are found in almost every country of the world.
They are found in open country worldwide, mostly in habitats near water.
They are found in the east of North America.
They are friends despite being very different to each other.
They are full of majestic architectural settings and pageantry.
They are giants who eat humans.
They are going to change things."
They are good for cutting up plants and if the snail eats meat they are good for tearing the meat apart.
They are green to grey-green with a red stalk.
They are heated to melt them and concentrate them.
They are higher-yielding, resistant to pests and diseases, drought-resistant or adapted to different environments and growing conditions.
They are home to unique plant and animal species, including the famous Trocaz Pigeon or Madeira Laurel Pigeon (Columba trocaz), and the Madeira Kinglet (Regulus madeirensis).
They are identical in shape and color to ancient Egyptian beads and other beads obtained from ancient cities in Baluchistan.
They are in Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia.
They are in every field of life in Pakistan.
They are in the family Scombridae, mostly in the genus Thunnus.
They are Jermaine Jr., Autumn, Dawn, Jeremy, Jaimy, Joudynn, Jaffar and Jermajesty.
They are joined by a mid-way connection called a centromere.
They are known as Dong Bang Shin Ki (abbreviated DBSK, 동방신기, 東方神起) in Korea and Tohoshinki in Japan.
They are known to savagely attack their enemies when they cannot escape.
They are later lost.
They are leaves which are supplied by a single unbranched vein.
They are left to survive on their own.
They are long and thin.
They are mainly insectivores.
They are mostly cheap to make and work.
They are mostly in the south of the country.
They are most useful for persons with dry skin.
They are much better at swimming and diving in water.
They are named after Ichabod Washburn.
They are named Thiago Messi, Mateo Messi and Ciro Messi.
They are normally unreactive and colorless.
They are normally written with an 'h' after the consonant letter.
They are not allowed to make money with it.
They are not organised like eukaryote organelles, and are not bounded by plasma membranes.
They are not perfect information games.
They are not widely used any more due to their operational costs, especially the fuel costs; steam locomotives are now mostly only used on tourist railroads.
They are now 35.
They aren't men of action, but men of thought who choose action as a way of expressing their beliefs."
They are often able to kill or capture Zack and Wiki, while others are harmless and can be turned into items.
They are often asked questions by the play-by-play announcer to give them a topic for talk about.
They are often brilliantly coloured, but when they land on a bush, out of direct sunlight, they are not easy to see.
They are often either left for someone to find, or are given out for free.
They are often large and bell-shaped.
They are often mistaken for the common seagull due to the primary white color on its feathers.
They are often performed when a certain part of the human body is injured, strained or in cramps.
They are often sold in flower shops (and sometimes in supermarkets) and are very easy to look after.
They are often used in applications where a very long service life is required, such as large off-grid solar power systems.
They are often used to make announcements in large buildings or neighbourhoods.
They are often used where people need to defend themselves in small areas, or people need to fire many bullets quickly.
They are often well known by most of the country's general population.
They are omnivorous, eating almost any type of food, including meat, grass, and fruits.
They are one of the major systems of human and animal bodies.
They are one of the most successful and popular football teams in Colombia.
They are only called Air Force One when the President is on board.
They are only found in a small area, of about 100,000 hectares.
They are on the back of the pelvic area and give padding when people sit.
They are paying tax in Sansha.
They are plant tissue which is controlled by the insect.
They are playing in the First League, the second division in Austrias league system.
They are primarily constructed by young Balinese men and frequently depict caricatures of the many tourists.
They are processed differently, so they have different levels of oxidation.
They are quite unreactive.
They are reconciled, or brought closer to God.
They are referred to instead by their titles, often related to an area ruled or once ruled by that family.
They are relatively low-maintenance plants, but are considered cool-climate plants and fruit better in northern areas.
They are responsible for preserving and documenting government and historical records.
They are seed-eating birds with a finch-like bill.
They are seen as dark when under sunlight, and appear light when against the unlit side.
They are served as part of many dishes.
They are sharing the same characteristics.
They are some spies also and it plays on the lyric "They taped over your mouth scribbled out the truth with their lies you little spies"
They are sometimes referred to as "the Seventy" or "the Seventy Disciples".
They are sometimes romanticised and fantastic, but always dealing with human beings one can understand.
They are so special, that the thing cannot really be compared to anything else.
They are the doctors who are especially trained in intubation (putting a tube into the lungs to help a person artificially breathe when the person is paralyzed and asleep during surgery).
They are the first ones to be truly punished in Hell.
They are the heaviest hailstones ever recorded.
They are the highest executive authority in the country.
They are then tied up and Gruber sets the fuse to blow the boat up.
They are the only lasting spots of water above the ground for hundreds of kilometres in any direction.
They are the only species of oryx that does not have black mthen why should we on earth be sadarkings.
They are the only surviving marsupial in North America, though there were others before mankind arrived in the Americas.
They are the team's most versatile player, doing everything from rebounding and assisting to scoring.
They are the top eight combat rifle shooters, the top eight pistol shooters, the top two light machine gun teams, and the top two scout/sniper teams.
They are thought to be alluvial deposits.
They are to make the teeth straight, and to correct problems in a person's bite.
They are too similar to other related compounds.
They are tough, and hard to kill.
They are training as wizards.
They are two boys, Nick Zinner and Brian Chase, and one girl, Karen O. Karen O is the singer.
They are typically about 10 cm in body length.
They are unable to stop the missile from taking off but hitch a ride as it is rocketing towards Earth with Tad still attached to it.
They are unpaid, but receive minimal allowances for secretarial help, mileage allowance and a driver.
They are used by businesses or industries to improve the quality of technical writing.
They are used by people interested in rockets.
They are used to learn something.
They are useful for genealogical and historic matters.
They are usually divided into families or groups based on historical period, geography and/or cultural grouping.
They are usually filled with a mixture of sumeshi, fish, and vegetables.
They are usually made for females, although males sometimes wear the rings.
They are usually small and noncancerous, and they do not spread to other parts of the body.
They are usually two or three storeys high.
They are very difficult to play.
They are very small and very light.
They are what make morality dangerous.
They are wishing the person good luck so that their soul is able to come back.
They are worn for business and ceremonial functions.
They are worn in school for their versatility and comfort.
They are young people who say what life is like in Berlin for them every day.
They argued that the formation of Grace was more like a non-tropical storm than a tropical one.
They argue that rulers ought to be elected, or that monarchs are often corrupt.
They asked the government to send machine guns.
They assess a situation before doing anything.
They ate soft leaves, shoots, berries, and leaf matter picked up from the forest floor.
They attacked Pompey's left flank and, rejoined by their cavalry, were able to get behind and attack Pompey's army from the rear.
They attempted to rescue Burton from underneath the bus by lifting it with a crane, but the crane slipped, and the bus landed down on top of Burton a second time. citation By that time, he was already dead at just 24 years old.
They became known as the Kelly Gang.
They became popular from the 1913 short movie The Bangville Police.
They became popularly known as the "Pintupi Nine" or the "Last Nomads".
They became powerful.
They became so scarce that hunters had difficulty finding any.
They became the first team in Korean Series history to win after losing the first two games.
They became the most famous string quartet group of their time.
They become frogs after three or four months.
They become specialised into cells of roots, leaves or flowers.
They began killing the feral population in 2000.
They began play in 2003.
They began to move into farms.
They began to play in one of the rooms.
They believed that it should be entirely voluntary, and a right, not a punishment.
They believed that they lived in the fifth sun.
They believed the legislature should control the cabinet ministers rather than the king.
They believe that both are very important in explaining how Christians should act towards others.
They believe that when a person kills themselves, they are murdering what God has made.
They both appealed their sentences.
They both go one of the villas owned by Geeta's father, and make a secret stay there.
They both planned to invade.
They bought land and water power rights, and they started building a community.
They breed in spring and early summer.
They brought out the bodies of the dead workers.
They brought up writing credit at the end.
They built a gas chamber, where they could kill over 700 people at a time. citation p. 160 They also built a crematorium in block 11 of the camp.
They built many beautiful buildings in all the land they controlled.
They built roads and buildings.
They burned their licences and raised the Eureka Stockade flag in protest.
They called it the Free State Hotel.
They called other people, especially those who came from Britain, "Pākehā".
They called the album "Riot" because it meant "a sudden outburst of uncontrolled emotion".
They called themselves the Gaelic League, because the name of the Irish language is "Gaelic".
They called themselves the "Smoking Cobras".
They called this uptake and incorporation of DNA by bacteria 'transformation'.
They call the second day Simchat Torah because of this celebration.
They came to an end after the sponsor was merged into GTE.
They came to the conclusion that humans living in the cave started to eat new foods.
They can also be sold to other wholesalers.
They can also be used to talk to other people.
They can also change their colors.
They can also pull different kinds of trailers, any type that is needed at the time.
They can and do hold tribunals to decide whether doctors accused of misdeeds should be struck off the medical register.
They can be 1,500 miles (2,400 km) long, several miles deep, and as much as 70 miles (112 km) wide.
They can be any shade of brown, black, or tan.
They can be as long as 41 feet (12.3 metres) in length, and weigh as much as 47,000 pounds (21.5 tonnes). citation However, it is believed that there are some whale sharks which can reach lengths of up to 67 feet (20 metres).
They can be called straplines in the U.K. Europeans use the terms baselines, signatures, claims, or pay-offs.
They can become as big as 30 centimeters long.
They can be gay, straight, bisexual, or asexual.
They can be good names or bad.
They can be light green or dark green with a lighter belly.
They can be made from white Chardonnay grapes, or red Pinot Noir or Pinot Meunier grapes.
They can be opened wide enough to swallow a fish much larger than itself.
They can be propagated by splitting its main rosette.
They can be written two next to each other.
They can buy a vowel even if they have no money.
They can change it, vote for it, or vote against it.
They can detect blood from miles away: as little as one part per million of blood in sea water may be enough.
They can even choose to solve the puzzle, and if they're wrong, they don't lose their turn.
They can feed upside down.
They can help decrease alcohol withdrawal symptoms and prevent seizures.
They can live in fresh water or very damp soil, depending on the type.
They can make decisions about the child because the real parent(s) are not able to do this.
They can not grasp or let go of the ball very well, or at all.
They can now be seen above and beneath the water.
They can reach a height of about 6 meters.
They can reach high speeds for long periods of time.
They can shed their skin several times a year.
They can weigh as much as 3 or 400 kg (660 880 lbs) and can grow to be 1.3 to 1.9 m (4 5.9 ft) long (accounts vary).
They can weigh from convert and stand from convert in height.
They carried out a dozen bombings of trains, including the Orient Express, and other public targets during the first four years of their existence.
They carry a handbell to make a loud noise and they shout the words "Oyez, Oyez, Oyez!" before making their announcements.
They changed the name of the International Union of American Republics to the Union of American Republics.
They choose three teenagers from another school to take their powers.
They chose Muncie because it shared features with many other small cities.
They chose "steampunk", from "steam" and "cyberpunk".
They claim it has thousands of churches, some of which are very small.
They claim to possess great spiritual power, but in reality they are rank materialists and enemies of everything holy."
They clearly rejected possible allegations of what they call "national separatism" vis-a-vis the Bulgarians, and even consider it "immoral."
They come in many sizes, depending on the size of the bird type the box is made for.
They commissioned the adaptation, When The Reds….
They commonly have a high reputation so customers can rely on their rating.
They concentrate on getting the sentences right.
They concluded that there was nothing unsafe going on on the set.
They consider themselves "The World's Leading Reptile Magazine".
They contain a word, phrase or sentence which needs to be explained so that readers can understand it.
They contain many drawings, all with no color.
They contain many plants such as neutral grassland types, sedge marsh, reed swamp, sallow scrub and areas of tall herb vegetation.
They continued to be allies until October, when Kash berated Abyss for losing a match and Abyss turned on and attacked Kash.
They continued to skate at ice shows and skating exhibitions through their seventies.
They controled organized development of industrial areas based on coordination of existing plants layouts with future investment projects.
They convinced another tribune, named Marcus Octavius, to oppose Tiberius Gracchus.
They could also not sit in front of whites on busses or trains.
They could also summon any of the Roman assemblies and preside over them.
They could no longer leave the field with good manners.
They could not decide who threw the spear that caused the boar to die.
They crashed out of the IPL, but, on account of finishing third, qualified for the main event of the 2014 CLT20.
They created The Pogles which was about a witch, but after the first broadcast it was thought to be too frightening for children.
They cry "EX-TER-MIN-ATE!" when they are about to kill someone.
They debuted with their "Nul Book Standard" EP and then their "123 Nul EP" on March 10, 2003.
They decide to go home when it starts raining.
They defeated the Armada.
They defecate about 16–18 times a day, and produce about 220 lbs. of dung.
They demand and supply goods from abroad.
They did not buy from the bakery before, because the bread in the bakery is more expensive than the bread in the supermarket.
They did not get what they wanted.
They did not go for religious worship.
They did not learn the skills needed to survive off the land.
They did not like the rules about the church in the Civil Constitution of the Church (1790) and new taxes put in place in 1793.
They did not take place in a new region, or have any new Pokémon.
They did not trust him and yelled at him during his speech.
They didn’t cheat.
They did psychological tests and interviews to make sure that the participants were psychologically healthy, with no history of crime or drug abuse or any medical disabilities.
They did this by trade, political intrigue, and direct military action.
They did this to honor those who had died.
They dig a hole in the side of the river bank.
They disagree on when to call certain people atheists or not.
They dislike areas with people, spend most of their time underground or under water, and sleep during the day.
They do many kinds of community service projects.
They do not care about good writing.
They do not dig permanent burrows, filling the tunnel in behind them as they move.
They do not give as much milk as the other breeds, but it is famous for the amount of cream they produce.
They do not grow older.
They do not know what happened to them.
They do not meet those with different ecological preferences.
They do not reproduce hesitating discourse markers, like “uhm”, “err”, “hmm”.
They do not take their eggs with them when they go out to hunt.
They do some of the work of the kidney, but it is not as good as a real kidney.
They do this with as few clues as they can.
They dress in clothes that are different from other people.
They dress wounds with butter and leaves, and for inflammation of the lungs or pleurisy, pierce a hole in the chest.
They drive off but must soon make camp when Rick's vehicle has no more fuel.
The year of the slime.
They eat Crabeater seals, consuming 80% of their young.
They eat insects and grubs mainly from decaying wood.
They eat other tadpoles if food is nowhere to be found.
They effectively use the natural abilities of plants to filter water and treat air in urban and suburban areas.
They emigrated to Armenia in 1946.
They end up getting in trouble with villains ranging from Shimeji God to GossipCam Paparazzi.
They escape the eyes of hungry birds by living and dying in the shape of a flower".
They even form streets in downtown Basseterre.
They failed to obtain 17 votes to advance further into the contest.
They fall 75 meters and most of them die when they hit the water.
They feed both at the ocean's surface and below it, and even feed on each other.
They feel 4Kids made "Americanized kiddy version" of the original series and that it is not right to do this.
They finally become friends again and Matt learns to stand up for himself.
They find the skull and come up only to find Mac and some Soviets pointing weapons at them.
They find the workers all using computers and sending spam mail after stealing the patients' accounts.
They finish by singing “lang” (“Joking is man’s vocation.
They first appeared in the 2015 missing pilot episode "Clyde and Willis".
They first started in the late 1960s after businessman Pat Hines bought 120 acres (49 ha) in Aldergrove, British Columbia to start a game farm.
They flee through a tunnel, being shot at by the mystery woman.
They forced the Ba'ath Party to surrender.
They forgot who they really are, because they hide behind masks.
They form a natural barrier between France and Spain.
They formed in 2001.
They formed in the 1960s.
They formed the ALP-AC under the influence of B. A. Santamaria.
They formed when the Universe was very young, and also helped to form all the galaxies.
They form prism or needlelike crystals.
They form the family Ursidae, in the order Carnivora.
They fought wars over which country should get Kashmir.
They found it by climbing mountains in Papua New Guinea.
They found masonry from the piers at a depth of convert below ground level.
They found that larger animals can hold their breath longer than smaller animals because they can store more oxygen.
They found that they could "classify the votes in the RfA procedures using this model with an accuracy level that should be sufficient to recommend candidates."
They free Grogu and capture Gideon.
They further proved that the neural activity, such as the basal amygdala activity of the offspring’s brain, illustrated fear response.
They gather in the upper part of the test tube but not the very top.
They gave each lesson to the officers one at a time.
They gave the apartment her old acquaintances Leon Moreno.
They generally resulted in the opening of Native American lands to further colonization.
They get only 60-80% more speed.
They give cultural meaning to the Australian physical landscape.
They give serous and mucous secretions.
They got 37 points and came 13th place overall.
They got at least three hits and caused a lot of damage.
They go to Gilead, another city, to find someone who knows where the Varden are.
They got spots in music festivals such as Rockin Roots,Bamboozle Left 2008,and Audio Overload 2008.
They got their name from the smell, but are completely unrelated to culinary mustard.
They grew in numbers and influence with the help of the powerful North West Company.
They grow very quickly, and can reach adulthood in a week.
They had a daughter, Kaela Maya Jay Goes, who was born in 2012 via a natural birth at home.
They had also resented her prewar (before the Second World War) sponsorship of the American Youth Congress, in which the Communists had been heavily represented, but Catholic youth groups were not represented.
They had always agreed that if one of them became ill or died, the quartet would not play with any other person.
They had a more muscular neck allowing freer movement of the head than fish have, and used their fins to raise the body of the fish.
They had a patent war with Glenn Curtiss, filing lawsuits against each other over who really invented the airplane steering system.
They had a six-month marriage in 1976.
They had a son in 1996. citation Siddig and Visitor divorced in 2001.
They had a son, Matthew Michael Ansara.
They had a son, Mitchell Gorshin.
They had eleven children in total including Price.
They had few professional officers and little fighting experience.
They had five children: three daughters (Deng Lin, Deng Nan and Deng Rong) and two sons (Deng Pufang and Deng Zhifang).
They had one son.
They had one son and one daughter.
They had one son, Christopher.
They had one son, Robert.
They had one son, Sai Krishna who is also known as Nani Krish.
They had only one participant.
They had planned to record a new album in 2011.
They had seven children together.
They had several additional features that made their sound distinctive from the Lowrey models.
They had their first child, Blue Ivy Carter, on January 7, 2012.
They had three children, daughters Katie and Amy, and son Harry.
They had three daughters: Elva Katrina (b. 1918), Betty Baine (b. 1919), and Virginia Mae (b. 1922).
They had three sons, including Dale Berra.
They had to work 6 days per week in the 18th century.
They had two children, and she died in 2005.
They had two children; Anthony (1959-1999) and Christina (b. 1960).
They had two children together before divorcing.
They had two competitions in 2017 to see how fast the hyperloop trains could travel.
They had two sons.
They had two sons, Guy and Leo Faulkner.
They hail him as "Thane of Glamis and Cawdor", and that "he shall be King".
They have 22 clubs each.
They have 56 main offices in cities throughout the United States.
They have a bag that holds air.
They have a black stripe down their forelegs.
They have a hard beak, with the mouth at the center point of the arms.
They have a long fossil record.
They have also been found in naturally ice-preserved form.
They have a range of materials to work with and a wide range of colors, patterns and styles to choose from.
They have a signature tail with two bare feathers ending in tufts, just like this bird.
They have a slender streamlined body, long pointed wings and a short bill.
They have a small head and large ears.
They have a son, Tennessee James Toth (born September 27, 2012).
They have a spool of fishing line attached.
They have become known as ice giants.
They have been buried here in recognition of their contributions to British culture.
They have been known to bite humans but it is believed this is due to being provoked.
They have been modified by the International Para Nordic Skiing Committee (IPNNC).
They have borders of brocade or plain green cloth.
They have convert of track in 28 states.
They have developed several different ways of moving to deal with particular environments.
They have different problems than other regions.
They have different ways to survive the intense conditions of the desert.
They have grown apart over the years and are husband and wife in name alone.
They have had 27 participants in 3 sports.
They have had several hit singles.
They have held a lot of concerts since they made a major debut.
They have helped humans with their meat, horns, hides, milk, butterfat, and power, plowing and transporting people and crops.
They have invented numerous unjustifiable taxes and reduced our people, especially our peasantry, to a state of extreme poverty.
They have large home ranges of convert.
They have large, protruding teeth, which they use to dig.
They have large, three-lobed leaves with teeth on the edges.
They have longer tails with more white in them.
They have many more "guard" bees than regular honeybees.
They have no circulatory or respiratory system.
They have not been supported by further evidence from living organisms.
They have one son, JD Cullum (John David Cullum), who is also an actor.
They have played their matches at the ground St.James' Park ever since.
They have reason to believe that these habits are similar to the Albany Adder.
They have received 3 MOBO awards, for Best Newcomer, Best Act, and Best Album.
They have released many popular songs, including "
They have rivalries with Panathinakos, Olympiacos, and PAOK.
They have services from Monday through Saturday from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. on most routes.
They have several "blocks" of "special characters", which are filed differently for each encoding.
They have short hair and can have any shade of hair.
They have slowly changed China into its current form.
They have soft bodies.
They have special smell.
They have strong sharp, hooked beaks and claws and have sharp eyesight.
They have survived.
They have the planned dinner, and everyone is friends again.
They have three sons: René-Charles Angélil (born on January 25, 2001), and twins Eddy Angélil and Nelson Angélil (born on October 23, 2010).
They have three years to pick new names.
They have to buy food that was grown by someone else.
They have to do with different forms of the same quality.
They have to keep tossing their pancakes in the air (and catching them again) as they run.
They have two boys, Tommy and Freddie, and live in London.
They have two children - Dylan (named after Dylan Thomas) and Carys.
They have very small legs and necks.
They have very strong winds.
They have white bellies.
They have won five league championship titles and the Apertura 2014 Copa MX.
They have won La Liga once, which was in the 1999-2000 season.
They have written successful songs, including "Thnks fr the Mmrs", "
They held a one-man concert at nine places in Japan from May 17th to June 21st in 2014.
They help each other with Riley's mind.
They helped Tutsi rule over Hutu using their army.
They help in the sale of the writers' works.
They help keep birds warm.
They help prevent infection caused other bacteria.
They help support the foot and ankle with the use of materials like hard plastics.
They hide seeds in tree crevices, in the ground, under small stones, or behind bark flakes.
They hold the females with their front limbs in a grip called amplexus.
They hoped that regular programs of research and education would improve the efficiency of the federal courts and relieve the backlog of cases in the lower courts.
They however had not thought Chlorine Gas had such deadly effects, so retreated, missing a huge opportunity.
They hunted for meat and gathered the food of the desert to eat.
They hunt insects and spiders.
They improve the wording of the licenses and make them usable in other countries.
They include a number of smaller parts.
They include groundwood, lacebark, thermomechanical pulp (TMP), and bleached or unbleached kraft or sulfite pulps.
They include Siboney (Canto Siboney), Comparsa, Malagueña and The Breeze And I (Andalucía).
They instead raised an army which met Ali's army at Basra in Iraq, originally for the purposes of negotiations.
They isolated DNA from a virulent strain of S. pneumoniae and using just this DNA were able to make a harmless strain virulent.
They joined with the Qing Empire to battle Koxinga's fleet, but failed.
They kept the acoustic blues alive.
They kill Banquo, but Fleance escapes.
They killed 22 people and wounded 22 others.
They killed over 150 men and boys.
They knew that more police would be sent by train to Beechworth to find them.
They knocked one activist unconscious and knocked another's teeth out.
They know it is not safe for them to stay in Scotland, so they run away.
They know this because D comes before F in the alphabet.
They lack a brood patch.
They later became popular again with the hit "Prijatelji" in 1998.
They later decide if they will get engaged, married or other such agreement.
They later married on 11th July 2015, in Exeter at Mamhead House.
They later won awards for "Wae Ireoni" and "Yayaya" on M Countdown.
They lay around two dozen eggs at a time.
They lay eggs 600-950 at a time in pools with slow-moving water.
They lay on the path of tropical rainfall.
They lay their eggs on the ground.
They learned how to be concentration camp guards at Ravensbrück.
They leave the family at this time.
They left their home at the age of 14 to get married, sometimes with a man who was much older than she was (about 30 years old).
They liked monody, which means a tune with a simple accompaniment.
They liked the flute and other instruments better than the recorder.
They liked what they heard, and when Rundgren met the band, they got along well, and worked well together.
They like streams with large numbers of plants in them.
They like to live in an area that is mixed woodland and open grassland.
They lived at the house of Edward Kent where they were looked after by Mr and Mrs Phillips, and met Lord Sydney.
They lived near rivers and hunted, fished, and got plants and nuts.
They lived on a diet of heavy-duty plant material: leaves, slim branches, grass, roots.
They live for around 15–20 years.
They live for around 35 years, but some live for only 22 years.
They live in eucalyptus forests, other forests, and on plants near streams.
They live in large groups, usually 10-30 capybaras together.
They live in or near streams 200 to 1000 meters above sea level.
They live in small pockets of blue-grey clay close to water.
They live in the African grasslands.
They live in western Africa - Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, northeastern Congo, Bioko and Equatorial Guinea.
They look different now because they changed in different ways: this is evolution.
They look similar, and they breed true, that is, mate with their own kind, and have offspring which are obviously in the same species.
They look very similar to each other.
They lost 0:12 versus SV Neulengbach.
They lost almost all their tanks, big guns, and other heavy equipment.
They lost games played by letter with the Paris Chess Club.
They lost ninety aircrew killed in the battle compared with thirty-five for the Americans.
They lost the power of flight.
They made an album called "Heart", and it sold lots of copies.
They made a solemn vow that they would not move until "the voice of the country was heard" and their requests were met.
They made furniture like cabinets, chairs, doors, drawers, cupboards, bed frames, tables, and many more.
They made it in the year 2000, a year before signing with Fat Wreck Chords.
They made Minahasa a coffee plantation.
They made sure that Epstein always had a cellmate nearby.
They made sure that people had many children and that the land produced plenty of crops.
They made their debut in 1988.
They made the Spanish army leave their city.
They made this nickname from the first letters of their first names, Olga, Tatiana, Maria, and Anastasia.
They make a loud rattling sound with their voices.
They make different sounds.
They make money from the big banks and trading companies they work with.
They make music.
They make their nests from living leaves, still attached to the tree.
They make the water dirty by causing the mud at the bottom to move and in these countries people hate them.
They make up lateral inhibitory networks (LINs). citation Artificial sensory systems have artificial lateral inhibition built in them.
They make very thick, easily seen nests with many big entrances in a small place.
They married on 18th December 1915.
They may all have the same owners or may be franchised.
They may also use fence posts or other lookouts to ambush prey.
They may be able to have babies until about age 20. Female pandas are ready to have a baby only once a year.
They may be associated with an ongoing science fiction convention, or have regular club meetings, or both.
They may be designed to burn with colored flames and sparks.
They may be horizontal or vertical or tilted.
They may be in a "turret" (a rotating base).
They may be in whole pieces or a ground powder.
They may be large ocean bays that have more than one river flowing into them.
They may be moved to Wikimedia Commons and then marked with a deletion tag (for example, ).
They may be used at home or outside where any animal is allowed, but under the 2011 ADA revision, only canines and in some cases miniature horses, are legally recognized as public access service animals.
They may do the same job on living organisms, in which case other terms are used to describe them.
They may do this because it gets them things they want (for example, attention and sympathy).
They may get little respect for their work because others do not understand how important it can be.
They may give other tips too.
They may have been made by ancient volcanoes by things such as leaks and eruptions.
They may have done this because instruments had changed since the music was written, or simply because they thought they could do it better.
They may have headaches caused by blood vessels in the brain getting wider.
They may help explain what caused a person to commit a crime, but they do not mean the person did nothing wrong.
They may leave home and wander, settle in another area with a new name.
They may lose interest in activities they usually like, or become isolated and lonely.
They may not enter into alliances nor compacts with foreign states, nor engage in war unless invaded.
They may not know what sex is, or they may be unable to judge the consequences of having sex.
They may not recognize sexual cues given by other species.
They might be hung on the wall above a table where flowers and candles could be placed to honour the Virgin Mary.
They mistakenly think that they are doing as well as "average" or even "above average".
They mostly played at concerts that promoted political and social causes.
They mostly stay alone and in the same location throughout the year.
They move around using the river systems and portages of Gardariki.
They moved to Saneum where he met Yoo I- Tae, the best doctor in Jeosun.
They must also be able to guess and influence the emotions of other people, and of groups of other people.
They must be approved for an Active Membership, and this is based on their answers to a long list of questions.
They must be in positions where there is a constant, steady supply of wind.
They must check their feet for cuts, bruises, blisters, and so on at least every day.
They must give the original creator credit for the work.
They must save all of the Clans, along with the three cats from The Power of Three.
They must usually make a temporary shelter with cheap or usef materials.
They must weigh exactly 21g, with 5g of dough and 16g of filling.
They need good reflexes and awareness.
They need only be useful to themselves.”
They need to be fed by the queen (or workers in the case of an established colony) if they are to mature.
They need to get the kind of exercise they were created for.
They nest near inhabited buildings for preference.
They number about 7.8 million.
They occur at depths up to 400 metres, but mainly between 0 to 70 metres.
They offer access to software packages, database systems and computer-aided learning materials.
They often have sardonic humor.
They often occur in thick deciduous forests, as well as parland and natural gardens.
The yogurt is what makes naan bread taste so much different than other kinds of bread.
The Yonge-University line was extended north 8.7 km from Eglinton Avenue to Finch Avenue and Yonge in 1973 and 1974.
They opened it up to outsiders as Amazon Web Services in 2002 on a utility computing basis.
They operate more smoothly, quietly, and reliably than other types of compressors.
They opposed him and rioted against him.
They orbit one another every 26.5 years.
The Yorktown dive bombers attacked at 10:57 on Shōkaku and hit the carrier with two convert bombs, causing heavy damage to the carrier's flight and hangar decks.
The young loons spend three years in the south before returning to the north.
The young queens will build a cocoon to spend the winter, once they have been fertilized.
The young wife says: "No lock is of avail against the cunning of women; there can be no fidelity where love is not present: for that reason will I buy with your money the key I lack".
The young women also learn how to relate to men so that they can have a good marriage.
The youth were organized into groups and as each group was confronted with barricades and policemen, and subsequently arrested, another “platoon” would emerge from the church.
They paint a picture of an intelligent, scholarly, well-read, and conscientious administrator with an eye to detail and justice.
They passed it on to other party members.
They performed all of Cotton's classics and more.
They plan school events and their election is a must.
They play against Sweden on 13 March.
They played also in Canada, where they drew 1–1 with Toronto All-Stars.
They play in the English Premier Ice Hockey League.
They play lots of Strauss waltzes.
They play their home games at La Bombonera.
They printed the first panphlets.
They probably also have the same history.
They produce biofuel.
They proposed a direct link between genes and enzymatic reactions, known as the "one gene, one enzyme"
They provide an individual with a sense of direction and purpose.
They provide one of the nation’s most comprehensive presentations of American art.
They put forward candidates that will be elected democratically.
They put themselves at the service of the king, but he was not the owner.
They quickly became friends with their new neighbors, the McCalls.
They quickly explode, leaving Heihach.
They raise their front legs to be ready to grab their prey.
They range from the surface to as deep as 350 metres, and prefer water with the temperature of 7 to 16 °C.
They reach a length of 30 to 56 cm (12–22 in), with tails that are just as long as the body.
They reached almost 100 trial outlets by September 2010.
They reached depots at Cape Flora, Cape Dillion, and Camp Ziegler.
They really love to see respectful people around the society, with great manners and obedience.
They recently made two other contracts.
They recorded other Dylan songs, helping his early career.
They recorded using Heather's video camera and a 16mm camera that can record video in black and white.
They recruit cute wallflower Kate in their scheme to publicly humiliate the main male lead.
They regularly evaluate the health of populations, tries to identify which populations have greater risk from specific causes of diseases, and evaluates the effectiveness of the intervention programs or methods that they create.
They regularly participate in UEFA Futsal Cup.
They reject flowers whose nectar has less than 10% sugar.
They released a ¥100 SINGLE"moonwalk for a week", which reached number four on the indies chart.
They released a fairly popular single called "Hush", thought to be radio friendly in America, but, apart from that, did not have any success.
They released a vinyl EP called Traveler's Dreams under Apollo Records in 1994.
They released it in Europe in 1987.
They released Pablo Honey in February 1993.
They released their debut studio album titled 'Sigma' on October 19, 2016, which reached number 8 on the Oricon weekly Albums Chart.
They released their first single and album in 2001.
They released their "In Dreams" on November 23, 2010.
They released their mini-album Fall Out Boy's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend in 2003 and Take This to Your Grave in the same year.
They relocated to Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec and became the Saint-Hyacinthe Laser.
They remained a threesome until their sister, Prudence (Prue), dies fighting the demon Shax.
They removed Cleopatra from power, as her being a woman, and made Ptolemy sole ruler, in about 51 to 48 BC.
They replace the fuel tank.
They require a two-thirds majority vote in each house.
They require very little work when a part of a family and they are good dogs for children.
They returned again in 1908 and 1912.
They returned to America in 1872.
They returned to France in October.
They returned to Sydney in November 1802.
They return to Forks, and Edward tells Bella that he was lying when he told her he did not love her, and that he would never leave her again.
They reunited a few times from the 1970s to the 1990s.
They robbed the Reverend Samuel Marsden near Windsor.
They roll these balls with their bodies.
They said "Season two continues to deliver the strongest telecasts for any drama in basic cable history."
They said that mistake was the same as manslaughter (see: Court of Appeal Judgement).
They said that Percy was an appealing character and said readers would like the "chilling prophecy" which was a part of the plot. citation Child magazine also praised the style of the book.
They said that "the more you play Sonic CD the better it gets".
They said that they knew some people thought it would be foolish to buy it.
They said they never told anyone these things before because they were scared Randy Roth might do something to them.
They said this was because even people who still worked did so from home, so they did not have to get up early to travel to work.
They saw living outside of Israel as not natural for a Jew.
They say I'm a doctor now.
They say that it is impossible for government institutions to make comparatively better decisions about production or the prices of goods and services because they do not have the knowledge or flexibility that millions of individual consumers have.
They say that the owner should choose when he is old enough to decide for himself.
They say that the partisans did not arrive in the area until several months later.
They say that the series should be shown exactly the same as it was originally created.
They say that "this is part of the ritual of Tribal Council because fire represents life.
They scoop up their food in their large mouths.
They scored chart successes during the early 1980s.
They secretly built a superweapon called Starkiller Base.
They see colors differently, and may not be able to tell certain colors apart.
They see their own culture as the best and believe other cultures should change to be more like theirs.
They sell power throughout the American West.
They send 12 spies to see what the promised land, Israel, is like.
They separate into two groups.
They serve as the executive power in Haiti.
They set up camp nearby and then return to the cemetery after dark.
They shave their heads, because originally most of them were workers in factories and they had to be bald, so their hair could not get caught in the machines.
They shoot at him, but he is unarmed.
They should just live.
They should not be squeezed; making a breeze at them can also irritate them and make them feel threatened.
They showed the chert was indeed produced by a hot spring setting.
They show more involvement in their job and more commitment to the company.
They signed to Moshi Moshi Records in 2005, and have since toured around the world to support the release of their debut record.
They sing and play the saz, a form of lute.
They smoke cigarettes and drink coffee from the officer's dump and then roast the pigs.
They sneak as close to an insect as they can, and then they jump onto the insect and immediately bite it.
They sometimes bloom in concentrations of more than a million cells per millilitre.
They soon became popular throughout Europe, Canada and the USA.
They speeded up the search for current wheel order settings being used with the Enigma machines.
They spend most of their time hiding in leaf litter, under logs, or in burrows in the ground.
They spent 20 minutes at the bottom, but were unable to see anything because of the mud stirred up by the bathyscape.
They started building it in 1283.
They started the festival so that the English Opera Group would have a place to perform their operas, but soon the festival became bigger.
They start on the evening of the 28th, and go until 31 July.
They stayed there with Edith's mother, Rosa Holländer.
They stayed together for 20 years.
They stepped out of their shoes.
They stopped selling the car in 2008.
They storyboarded an early draft of the script.
They suggested that he quit his programming job and become a show producer himself.
They supported dry forest vegetation before clearing for farming.
They swapped the beige for white.
They swept the area and drove the Mexicans away.
They swing the rope, throw and catch the rope, make figure-eights, and more.
They take care of children as major worktasks.
They teach science to girls in villages.
They tell Helen there is no hope for recovery.
They then begin to fight and are asked to leave prom.
They then finish at the same time the race started, the following day.
They then joined with Britain to form the Triple Entente.
They then returned to their "own country".
They then start dating.
They think free articles are good for them.
They think IVF is wrong because it is unnatural.
They think that donkeys are too stubborn and will kick them.
They think that it is unkind to make wild animals perform tricks that are unnatural to them.
They thought it should stay exactly like Wagner had known it.
They thought that social progress could not be stopped.
They thought this would stop Allied advances on the Western Front.
They told them that the President was dead, and that the Tutsi RPF had killed him.
They took sheep and goats away from the Navajo.
They too were sentenced to be executed but other Jedi knights came to save them.
They traveled 6 places in 6 days (
They traveled to Europe and wrote while they were there.
They travelled with Hopkins and his family.
They trigger some of the mini-games, which are all timed.
They trust one another and also help each other when they are in trouble or are hurt.
They try to clean up radioactive material.
They try to give young people life values.
The "Yurovsky Note" was a description of the event by Yurovsky after the execution.
They use Bart to give messages to each other when he is in classrooms.
They used Cosworth CR-1 engines from their first season in 1997.
They used it as a prison camp called Special Camp Number 2. "WWII: Behind Closed Doors", Episode 6 of 6. BBC.
They used Sacagawea to interpret and discovered that the tribe's chief was her brother Cameahwait.
They used the church as a stable to keep their horses.
They use his glasses to start a fire which burns well, then ignites a large portion of forest, possibly killing a young child.
They use modified Latin alphabet.
They use their tails for balance instead.
They use to paint their face into skull (calavera).
They usually are issued for a single journey as the holder will, depending on the country, later be issued a permanent resident identification card which will allow the traveller to enter to the issuing country an unlimited number of times.
They usually grow slowly, at the rate of about a millimetre per year.
They usually have all of the things to term them as a separate city but they rely on the parent city or the nearby larger metropolitan area for some of their needs like education or employment.
They usually have special books for their subjects only.
They usually lay 3 8 eggs.
They usually live in the scattered areas with less trees, rather than large parts of land with lots of unbroken trees.
They usually reproduce in April through May.
They usually started at age 15 and left around age 20 to get married.
They valued humility in leadership and limited government.
They've had several hit albums and hit songs.
They voted for the national winner in every presidential election from 1904 to 1936.
They waited two days for a storm to pass, and then two of them set out for the summit, while a third had to stay in camp because of a knee injury.
They wait three days because this is how long it used to take to get from London to Edinburgh by horse.
They wanted the construction of a vocational school in Mandiraja, School of State Vocational High School 1 Mandiraja.
They wanted to address Globi to children.
They wanted to capture the bridge over the River Anape.
They wanted to do this to keep their share of political power in the country.
They wanted to go into combat but could not because they were women.
They wanted to kill as many prisoners as possible before the Red Army arrived.
They wanted to know more about how people from different cultures interact with each other and what happens when they interact.
They wanted to launch her career as an American solo pop artist.
They wanted to move Escobar to another prison on July 22, 1992.
They wanted to win one gold, one silver and two bronze medals.
They want to find one that is much more of a Bogan than any other one they meet.
They want to look young.
They watch Florizel get engaged with Perdita at the feast.
They went far west as the Texas coast.
They were afraid that the men in uniforms would again open fire on them.
They were Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Missouri and Texas.
They were also called Tories.
They were also forced to move by White settlers who liked the "beautiful aspects" and "rich and exuberant soils" of the Kaw's land.
They were also given a sidearm.
They were also to distract the French Imperial Army to help the Prussians who were hard pressed at the time.
They were also used on the Inverclyde Line in small numbers and on rare occasions the Cathcart Circle Lines (including to Neilston and Newton).
They were a male named Nara and a female named Darra.
They were appointed.
They were armed with clubs and a piano wire and they beat and choked the Undertaker out, and Hassan put him in the Camel Clutch.
They were asked to develop the area economically.
They were asked to evaluate their performance on these tasks relative to the rest of the group.
They were at Category 4 levels over the Florida Keys.
They were attacked in the middle of the street at a very crowded book fair.
They were a valuable culture because of their trading abilities.
They were awarded £356 million.
They were Barrack, or Bloody Bridge, (what is now Rory O'More Bridge), Essex Bridge (Grattan Bridge), Ormond Bridge (O'Donovan Rossa Bridge) and Arran Bridge.
They were better educated than most indigenous Pakistanis and assumed positions of leadership in business, finance, and administration.
They were both anthropologists.
They were both retired athletes.
They were called Bolitphila (
They were called Cantiones Sacrae (Sacred Songs).
They were called the Bong tribe and spoke Dravidian.
They were called the MLSTP (Movement for the Liberation of São Tomé and Príncipe).
They were checkpoints for people entering and exiting the city.
They were cream-colored.
They were created by Pledis Entertainment in 2015.
They were created on 30 June 2004.
They were discovered performing in Paris by Tony Azzie, who asked them to come to Las Vegas in 1967.
They were divorced on 25 August 1987.
They were expected to take part in any military campaign when they would be called for duty.
They were exported in large numbers to the United States.
They were first bred in the 20th century.
They were first named the "Mississippi Flood".
They were founded around 1996. citation They became popular around 1999.
They were found in 665-million-year-old rock.
They were free from British rule and would not take England's convicts any more, so England needed to find a new and less populated place.
They were free-swimming.
They were frequently used by runners delivering messages throughout the Incan empire.
They were given to poor families in the 1990s under a law called extinción de dominio (domain extinction).
They were impressed with how she used her psychology knowledge to tell a story about her family.
They were in effect founded by John Thomas, but do not consider him greater than any other teacher.
They were in great danger.
They were initially classified as Class 442 and numbered in the 300 and 400 series.
They were invented because most government departments do two rather different jobs.
They were islands in the ancient seas that once covered much of Kakadu.
" (they were killed because of their Christian faith).
They were killed in the Battle of Five Armies, while they were defending Thorin.
They were later proved wrong.
They were later used to make the tracks for the Chariot Race.
They were led by Strongbow who landed at Passage East, Co.
They were like precious diamonds.
They were looking for a good place to make a city.
They were mainly piscivorous (fish-eaters).
They were married in Melbourne.
They were married in September 1874 and had four children together, three sons and a daughter named Mary.
They were married on September 7, 1933, and had three sons and a daughter.
They were more expensive to use than other launch vehicles.
They were moved to Yalata, even further south, in 1952.
They were not allowed to teach, they could not show or sell their art, and some were even forbidden from creating any art at all.
They were now also called "departments" and Drenthe was added to Overijssel.
They were often made to pay back the cost of their travel in the prison ship to Australia.
They were oppressed as labor camps.
They were places where human beings do not go often, so human activity does not bother these frogs.
They were portrayed as evil, they were feeding on the body of the dead, after the soul was escorted to the Hades.
They were progressively shortened during their lifetime, finally finishing as three-car sets.
They were published by Barking Lizards.
They were recognized by the media.
They were seen as heroes.
They were shown again on 3 July 1730.
They were signed to Daptone Records.
They were sold in a triple DVD pack.
They were some of the heaviest creatures ever to walk the earth.
They were soon translated into other languages to help spread the religion.
They were so popular that the most famous lever-action rifle, the Winchester Model 1873, was called "the gun that won the West".
They were spiritual and committed to God.
They were still used for some state services, especially finance services and education, as well as for electoral purposes.
They were successful in defeating the Axis nations.
They were supposedly raised by a she-
They were tasked with traveling across the island of Mata Nui to find the Toa of Light.
They were the first Soviet/Russian pair to win those.
They were then conquered by the Neo-
They were to move at daylight the next morning.
They were used by the Sumerian civilisation in Mesopotamia.
They were walking along when suddenly a chariot of fire and horses of fire appeared and separated the two of them, and Elijah went up to heaven in a whirlwind.
They will be able to do nothing and say nothing that we don’t permit.
They will do many activities like acting an emotion and let the Asperger people guess what it is.
They will have prepared a piece of music to play to the teacher.
They will have slate panels, grey brickwork, pavilion-style roofs, large windows and stainless steel signs.
They will live infamy.
They will make it compulsory for all companies that post primarily user-generated content to do this.
They will never be able to wake up or be aware of what is going on around them.
They will play at the Coliseum until their new stadium is built for the 2020 season.
They will report to that person.
They will sleep shorter periods of time, but more often.
They wins for "Fuse Best of 2007".
They withdrew from the Non Aligned Movement in 1992 along with their dissolution.
They won "Best Rap Album" at the Soul Train Music Awards.
They wondered why the battery was needed.
They won the championship a third time in 1985.
They won the fight, but he died that year.
They won the NWA Capitol World Tag Team Championship and were never defeated after winning the title but it was abandoned after around five years.
They wore many different kit colours in their first few years.
They worked together for ten years.
They would be adorned with garlands or wreaths and anointed with olive oil to obtain luck.
They would do jobs around the school such as sweeping the floor and helping other boys who were misbehaving at school.
They would do this to make Mars a place where humans and other life forms from Earth could live.
They would fail after a few laps.
They would like a sculpture with Spitfires.
They would like to sell Sealand for 65 million pounds.
They wove finely crafted baskets and sometimes decorated them with feathers and shell beads.
The Zagros region is an important part of Persian Gulf oil production.
The Zhou dynasty declined because other lords that were ruling parts of China rebelled.
The Zila Nazim is the executive head of the District Administration.
The zinc eventually corrodes all the way and then the iron starts corroding.
The zoo is open from 10am–5pm every day of the year except December 25.
The Zou tribes have Indo-Chinese origin and the in the local dialect of the Zou people, the name of the tribal group suggests 'human being'.
Things like butter, nuts, chocolate and meat have lots of saturated fat.
Things that are not sentient, such as plants, rivers and mountains, may be important because they affect how sentient beings feel.
Things with high friction have many points of contact or have atoms that strongly attract others.
Think about the sequence of numbers in the picture below.
Think as though they're cousin yet they're like the same person but different ethnicity.
Thinking through the energy problem.
Thioketones are very reactive.
Thirdly he was married to Sherry Nelson from 1973 until they divorced in 1979.
' third season.
Third, you put fried noodles on it.
Thirsty Man has not yet opened the water bottle.
Thirteen teams competed in the first World Cup.
Thirty-one accused witches were tried in these courts, but only three were convicted.
Thirty-one of them are known to still exist.
Thirty ships of American, British, Polish, Norwegian and Dutch registry were in Bari Harbour on 2 December.
Thirty three first person poems that describe different times during an eleven year old boy's day at the beach.
Thirty-two courses were made for the game.
Thirty years later the selection was of ten theories: Stevenson, Leslie and Haberman, David L. 2009.
This abuse happens most often when one person has power over another.
This act began the entire preservation movement of British tramways.
This act shocked the religious conscience of Mesopotamia.
This added anger to the people of Hong Kong. citation A "netizen" of Hong Kong even joked that the Philippine flag could be used as doormat.
This addon also includes the Added Attractions Pack.
This adds a nice shine to the apple and rubs away some of the pesticides.
This adds to a charge of +1.
This again is an index, because longer sentences are, on average, harder than short sentences.
This age is called marriable age.
This aggression by the hippopotamus is caused by humans coming too close to their children.
This airplane is one of the most significant in modern aviation history on several levels.
This album contains the single Scream with Me.
This album included the singles "When I Grow Up", "I Hate This Part" and "Jai Ho!
This album is was re-released entitled Classic Series, Vol. 4 in 2007.
This algorithm is called Quicksort.
This Allen M. Sumner-class destroyer served from 1946 until 1973.
This allowed Henry to have many high-ranking positions in the King's court.
This allowed her to claim the character as her own.
This allowed Sandra, Lil, and Darrah to make a plan to vote off Burton by having Sandra act like she was certainly the next one to go.
This allowed technology to develop much quicker.
This allowed the Egyptian army to dig deeper into Sinai, around 12 km, an extra 2 km to the original 10 km plan.
This allowed the operating frequencies of processors to increase at a much faster rate than that of off-chip memory.
This allows companies to create distinct models from similar underpinnings.
This allows millions of antibodies with different tip structures to exist.
This allows more content to fit into the limited space.
This allows the exchange of nutrients and metabolic waste.
This allows the protein to cross the membrane to where it is needed.
This allows the turbine to start faster.
This allows to learn correct distance and choosing of the right moment, which are two factors of deciding importance in a real fight.
This allows you to take much better photos at night.
This also explains their rejection of tradition.
This also happens in the Japanese version of the original Donkey Kong Country.
This also made it the highest-grossing animated movie from Lionsgate.
This also makes sense because 1101 in binary is 13 in decimal.
This also means that people with bad intentions have more opportunities to use them for criminal purposes.
This also means that they may launch a new version when they want to; the option to "skip" a less popular version does not exist.
This amount of quality LSD was responsible for the wide popularity of the drug, and the development of an anti-authoritarian, anti-war counter-culture.
This ancient practice is actually a powerful combination of asana, mantra, mudra, and bandha (energy lock) and chakra (energy center) work that you can use to build strength, clarity, and bliss in everyday life.
This and paved the way for the modern "March Madness" television coverage.
This approach towards translation is known as dynamic or functional equivalence.
This area at the time was uncharted (no maps had been made of it).
This area forms the region of London, as well as the Greater London administrative unit, led by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.
This area is all land.
This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
This area is referred to as the Greater Los Angeles Area.
This article is about the World War II Dodge VC-, VF-, WC- and WF-models.
This article is about traditional (straight tube shaped) fluorescent lamps.
This article is principally concerned with enclosed stoves burning solid fuels for room heating.
This article suggests that knowing how a BC was established is almost as important as knowing the stated BC value itself.
This article tries to explain the different systems of numerals.
This asymmetry introduces a negative bias in the roundoff errors.
This attitude was called isolationism.
This automates a job to make it easier and more reliable.
This automatically switches the user to one of the actual servers in use.
This award is the highest honor a citizen can receive in South Africa.
This award is voted on by the fans.
This award ran from 1955 through 1996 and was a poll of NFL players.
This band lineup, known as "Mark I", released three albums, called "Shades of Deep Purple" (1968), "The Book of Taliesyn" (1968) and a self-titled (1969).
This bandy-legged, large bellied dwarf wore an animal pelt and feathered headdress.
This bar was where a group of friends would come to sit, drink alcohol, complain, and make practical jokes on a rival bar in town.
This became a major landmark, and was an assembly point for shipping.
This became so popular that it was expanded and became the "Sepia Swing Club."
This became Usher's first Grammy win.
This blocks people from entering illegally through the exit.
This block was named European Latin in the first version.
This bond requires Antonio to give a pound of his flesh next his heart should the money not be repaid on a certain date.
This book argues that peers are more important.
This book could make him to write some stories about King Arthur.
This book is a novel about a group of humans called the Kesh, living in the future in California.
This book is set before any of the others.
This brings the electrical impulse to the ventricles.
This building still remains today.
This Business of Songwriting.
This button will turn on the lights.
This cable is called 10BaseT or 100BaseT, or 1000BaseT Cable.
This called for four men to move and fight supporting each other.
This came out in a special version of the manga.
This camp is a navy base and would sometimes hold people who had escaped from the Cuban government by sea.
This can be a problem because it makes it so that the player cannot shoot for a few seconds.
This can be caused by many things.
This can be done in a number of ways.
This can be for different reasons.
This can be seen from the deep U shape of the valley.
This can be seen in this example of tanka written by poet Yamanoue no Okura (
This can be used to explain causality.
This can be when one of the partners wants a baby, but the other one does not.
This can damage the blood vessels of the penis and lead to erectile dysfunction (ED).
This can get them kicked out of school.
This can happen when a new standard replaces an old one.
This can have open railings or be enclosed in glass, or a combination.
This can hurt them and make them sick.
This can not be changed.
This can occur one of two ways Fissure and Fusion.
This can often result in a cyclone having two names.
This can range from a handful of consecutive sleepless nights to occasional sleepless nights over the course of several months.
This can result in a person having 3 X chromosomes, or 2 Y chromosomes or XXY instead of XY.
This can sometimes be confusing at first.
This car was powered by an inline-four engine designed by Ernest Henry.
This category contains pages with chemical infoboxes ( chembox & drugbox ) which have not been verified, or which have not been tagged by as having a verified revid available.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 174.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 248.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 310.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 430.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 604.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 811.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 879.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 923.
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 130.
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 1491.
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 155.
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 466.
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 785.
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 812.
This category has people organized by when they were born.
This category is for categories and articles pertaining to all forms of Christian liturgy, Christian rites, and Christian services, including worship services.
This category is for categories of writers who have won notable awards.
This category is for legitimate sock puppets.
This category is for properties of the National Trust of England, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
This category is for stubs (very short articles) about sportspeople.
This category is for the classification the Rosids.
This category is for the notable women appeared in the history of Manipur.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Aaqib.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of AdrianHernandez1.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Fatjesus564.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Iamsaa.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of IBlueChelsea.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Quadd21.
This category is for video game spin-offs.
This category is populated automatically by the MediaWiki software.
This category is triggered by the language infobox if there is a value for 'extinction' (other than "?") or for 'era' and there is no ref field.
This category lists American actors and actresses who appeared in silent movies.
This category lists musical compositions known as Waltzes.
This category lists the titles of movies that were released in the year 1966.
This cat's body is 42 to 79 cm long and its tail is another 22 to 33 cm long.
This cat’s eyes are gooseberry green, giving a worried look on its face.
This caused him to have to feel all the pain he had caused.
This caused his front wing to fail at 190mph, causing him to go into the concrete wall.
This caused his taller, thinner look, combined with his Mario-design outfit and green color.
This caused many people to be angry across the world and caused the National Assembly to call for a State of emergency.
This caused more than 50 people to be rushed to the hospital.
This caused Sweetwater to be called the "midget"
This caused the American minister in Hawaii great concern.
This caused them to get married without their knowledge.
This causes another signal inside the cell.
This causes a somewhat permanent Hypermode.
This causes more stretching in the cervix.
This causes the extremities to become numb and to be cooler than the core body temperature.
This causes the molecules to spread out and therefore hot air is less dense than cooler air.
This causes them to have less body fat, so there is less leptin to tell their brains to start puberty.
This causes the obsessive thoughts to happen less.
This cause the police to arrested the group.
This ceremony meant he was not destined to join the church, as the younger sons typically were.
This changed in 1992 when a study conducted by Shaw University and commissioned by the U.S. Dept. of Defense and the United States Army asserted that systematic racial discrimination had been present in the criteria for awarding medals during the war.
This characteristic splitting is carried over into slate.
This Charta does not tell so much about customs, but rather about the privileges those that live there (the citizens) get.
This chart shows selected HTML and X11 colors as well as selected unofficial consensus web colors developed by web designers since 2002.
This Christmas cake is mostly good for people who do not like very sweet and moist cakes.
This church is now a historical landmark and was restored in the 1940s.
This claimant did not survive the year.
This collection of his shorter and previously unpublished works is now up to 16 volumes, and many more are forthcoming.
This collision produces a density wave in the disk which leads to a characteristic ring-like appearance.
This combination is used to identify problems faced in the present and tries to improve the patient's current state of mind.
This comet is likely to have been what is today identified as C/1743 C1 (De-Cheseaux).
This comic chronicled the Dingbats' attempts to avoid the mischief of the mysterious unseen family living in the apartment above theirs and to unmask that family.
This comic is intended to be funny.
This command may only be issued by channel operators.
This company was not founded by the government.
This competition was first held in 1956.
This condition is an medical emergency.
This content should be re-categorized into the proper categories.
This continued until The Age Of Nero(2008) and nowdays the musical aproach is simpler than before, with two studio albums being recorded with this style (Satyricon at 2013 and Deep Calleth upon Deep at 2017).
This continues for all eight nights.
This copy was known as the "International Prototype Metre".
This could be as Barrel Shield Bust-Up was considered too difficult for a start of a world level so it changed its position.
This could be because more boys get ADHD, or because fewer girls take ADHD tests.
This could be cognate with ‘saali’ (sister-in-law) and ‘saala’.
This could be serious for the elderly, the infirm, or pregnant women.
This created a problem because they were thermal insulators and trapped heat inside.
This creates a projectile that is almost the exact size as the inside of the barrel.
This custom is seen widely today especially in the case of election or entrance examination in.
This cut off the retreat of 27e Groupe de Reconnaissance de Division d'Infanterie, which was destroyed defending Bergen-op-Zoom.
This cycle happens every year.
This cycle includes 12 contestants.
This day is celebrated by Bangladesh as Language Movement Day.
This dead bone structure is the mature antler.
This decision can be made for various reasons.
This decision cost him a chance to compete in the 1991 World Championships.
This decomposition is based on a Petrie polygon projection of a 7-cube, with 21 of 672 faces.
This deep area is the Mariana trench proper.
This Deep Depression was Tropical Cyclone 03 and started on August 2. By August 5 it had died.
This dehydration can be a medical emergency.
This department was formed in 1999 when it split from the department of Mono.
This depends on how transparent the object is.
This depends partly on what part of the brain was injured, and how badly.
This depiction of the chalice is a statement of evangelical teaching meaning that the Lutheran belief is the proper religion.
This depth makes it the deepest lake in Austria.
This design, like others, used superconducting magnets which allow more intense magnetic fields to be created without the limitations of core saturation.
This design stayed the national flag until the break-up of the Soviet Union on 3 December 1991.
This device changes that data into a Manchester Encoded signal and puts that data on the physical cable.
This device may not work in all women.
This diagram compares the wide dispersion of the Pasiphaë group (red) with the more compact Ananke (blue) and Carme (green) groups.
This did not always work out, and they sometimes insulted each other for trying to outdo the others, or for letting their musical influences show.
This did not make any difference; Caesar said that "all that would not make him better."
This dinosaur could be up to 3.4 meters (11 ft) long.
This disaster is characterised as ‘a public health timebomb’, Carvel J. 2006.
This discovery splits the mutants apart.
This discovery took place on 5 November 1605.
This discovery two or three million years older than the previous oldest forest at Gilboa, also in New York State.
This discovery upset the theory of humorism.
This disproved the theories of Vulcan.
This division have there until 1268, the end of the Hohenstaufen dynasty.
This doctrine is known as the compact theory.
This drama got limited released on 3 October, 2008.
This East Pakistani political party was led by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.
This, effectively, makes Venus the oldest of all the gods & goddess'.
This election has been traditionally dated to 1137.
This election is best known to be very upset because of the election result.
This election saw the Conservative Party return to government for the first time since 1997 and also saw the Liberal Democrats get their first ever representation in government.
This enables it to achieve the excellent swimming abilities.
This ended 50 years without the hockey gold.
This ended the temporary stop on executions in the United States.
This ending claims all seven series were part of a dream that Brittas is having on his way to the job interview for manager of the leisure centre.
This energy can then be drawn on at night.
This entire area has almost the same traditions, customs and culture.
This entire region covers an area of 1,063,000 sq. miles.
This entry states 1946.
This equation is a way of calculating the activation energy.
This event is to show who is the fastest skater while also moving the puck through pylons.
This event split up the Southworth family of Samlesbury Hall.
This evil queen has a magic mirror that tells her she is the fairest in the land.
This example can also be described as "word painting".
This example shows that even though all the premises are correct, the conclusion can be false.
This fact was disclosed in a 1981 television interview.
This failure to distribute Community Development Block Grants resulted in a situation where people slept in plastic chairs or "in cold hallways".
This feature allows users to sync their music, pictures, videos, and more across all of their devices that have iCloud on them.
This feature is available in 20 languages.
This feature was criticized by many as it removed the challenge from the game.
This feed contains grain like corn, hay including grass and alfalfa or clover, and fermented chopped feed called silage that is usually made from corn, wheat or barley.
This film was jointly produced by National Pictures and AVM Productions.
This first version and the next one, Chessmaster 2100, were produced by the now-defunct Software Toolworks company.
This fish is used for food and is caught mostly by trawling.
This flag has three stripes of the colors black, red, and green.
This flooded most of the town.
This folding compacts the DNA and adds a layer of regulatory control.
This formation was laid down 155 to 145 million years ago, in the Jurassic.
This foundation gives a home to all the cats in Paris.
This frightens him, because he thinks that the only way he can become king is to murder Duncan.
This frog can be gray or brown.
This frog has a green back and a yellow belly and orange feet.
This frog has a round body and a small head.
This frog has teeth in its upper jaw.
This frog is 5.0 cm long with a round body.
This frog is an invasive specie in New Zealand.
This frog lays eggs in temporary bodies of water and places that are temporarily flooded.
This frog lives in rainforests, especially mountain rainforests.
This frog lives near rocky cliffs and steep slopes with large amounts of loose rock.
This frog lives near streams and rivers in forests.
This frog lives near the edges of forests and inside forests near water.
This galaxy is at a distance of 400 million lightyears.
This game includes many more levels and some more rides and shops are added.
This game was released in 1999.
This gave an impression of sparkling light over the landscape.
This gave Asmara the look of an Italian city: that is why sometimes the city is nicknamed "
This gave Henry the chance he had been waiting for.
This gave him about 10 kg of "Indian steel" (wootz steel).
This gave information about what happens as a massive star forms.
This gave them a great advantage over the other groups wherever open competition occurred.
This generation is sometimes called the "early 8-bit era".
This gives historians and archaeologists a vivid picture of life in the Roman Empire around 2,000 years ago.
This gives the figure a more pleasing appearance.
This gives them some of the protections and benefits of marriage, but not all.
This goal is achieved through clearance of karmic obstructions by following the triple gems of Jainism.
This goals were his first goal for Japan.
This goes on, back and forth, until one of them dies or runs away.
This group has 1,800 members in North America.
This group included many of the genocide's leaders.
This guy didn't just come to play.
This had a great influence on his life.
This had already happened in the last versions of Windows 95 that were released.
This had been caused by his employer, but Bellingham blamed the British government for not getting him compensation.
This had caused considerable enmity between Baldwin IV, Count of Flanders and Eustace's father.
This had resulted in three deaths.
This had the effect of creating a single state and legal jurisdiction, "England and Wales".
This happened again in 2006 when they won promotion for the 2006-2007 season and then finished second to bottom.
This happened in the late 1800s.
This happened until the beginning of the 19th century.
This happened when the metropole fell to French armies during the Revolutionary Wars.
This happens because on releasing the string, two progressive waves move down the string in opposite directions.
This happens if a species gets trapped on an island, for example.
This happens when a normal chromosome breaks into two pieces.
This has a different programme to Midwest Radio, although The Mid Morning Show does broadcast on Midwest Irish Radio.
This has been reclaimed from the sea and is used for farming cattle and sheep.
This has been recognized since the 1930s.
This has been the subject of much investigation and discussion.
This has conservation implications for the endangered species of echidna from the genus Zaglossus, and to a lesser extent for the Short-beaked Echidna.
This has led them to colonize many isolated oceanic islands.
This has often resulted in many technical fouls during critical moments of games, being benched and eventually pushing away lots of potential scouting chances due to her lack of control.
This has only happened once to date.
This has some ability to see other things besides bone.
This has the remarkable implications that speed-related measurements, length and duration, change in order to accommodate this.
This has the result of keeping people with BPD from learning how to handle these feelings, and can make it difficult for them to make positive choices when they feel these emotions.
This has the result that females may be sexually receptive at almost any time.
This head needs to be moved to (or near) the correct track.
This heat energy increases the speed of the water molecules so that they can escape into the air.
This helped him to get experience in conducting.
This helped the song to become very popular.
This helps them as they roost during the day.
This helps to find confidence.
This helps with reading and writing.
This herbaceous flowering plant with a one to two foot stems, thick and fibrous roots, and basal leaves.
This he remained until his death in 1971.
This holds the hair in place.
This house was all alone on the point, almost off the land, with just enough land for a small garden.
This, however, has been dismissed by nearly all historians, scholars, and biographers.
This hub also includes Smart DJ which compiles a playlist of songs stored on the phone similar to the song or artist selected.
This idea has been put into effect in a number of countries.
This idea is called "polygenism".
This inappropriate way of using the words "gay" and "queer" is considered very offensive, as it can be an attack on someone's identity and can assume things about people they don't know.
This, in chess terms, is a method whereby opponents are chosen each round to have similar scores.
This included 49 infantry divisions, 20 armored divisions and four airborne divisions.
This included charges against Ayers.
This included Grant's personal secretary Orville Babcock.
This included the radioactive ones.
This included the two top teams from the Segunda División, and the winners of the play-offs.
This includes a quarterly magazine, a website, and service activities for local churches and communities.
This includes people such as Paul Baskerville, the DJ of the show from which the song was likely recorded.
This includes "solicitation", which is when someone offers or advertises sex for money, or when a person offers someone money in exchange for sex.
This includes underground, citation possibly at least 12 miles deep underground, citation and the deepest parts of the oceans.
This includes what used to be called "child psychology".
This industrial revolution began the modern world as we know it.
This inertia comes from her mass, not weight.
This information is fed mostly to the basolateral nuclei of the amygdala.
This information may not be correct.
This injured the officer and he drove to a hospital and survived.
This installment of Warriors: The New Prophecy is about the Clan cats on their way home from the Tribe of Rushing Water.
This in turn is part of the Karpathos regional unit.
This invention was not widely used at first.
This is 165 later than the secular estimates.
This is a bird that the Assyrians, or in some sources probably the Syrians or the Phoenicians, call the phoenix.
This is a caricature from a newspaper in 1924.
This is a category containing uses of which use the image size parameter.
This is a category for finding users who speak different languages, along with how well they can speak them.
This is a close-up view of the Stormer's missile launcher.
This is a common Dutch name.
This is a common way to make 3D movies and 3D television.
This is a complete list of English-translated volumes of the French book collection lang.
This is a detail that gets ignored or forgotten later in a series.
This is a different cost for D, and if it's less than the one it already has, it will replace the old one.
This is adjustable in height so that the player can put it in a position to make himself/herself comfortable.
This is a feature it shares with monk seals.
This is a form of actinolite (
This is a group of 4 people.
This is a joint venture between Nickelodeon and Sesame Workshop.
This is a list of episodes of MonkeyBear & Friends.
This is a list of letter series with their dates and prices.
This is a list of members of the United Nations.
This is a list of news programs broadcast by CNN Coco Bandicoot.
This is a list of notable Romanian social scientists.
This is a List of Oasis band members.
This is a list of the governors of Oklahoma.
This is a list of those lands and some of the things in them.
This is all contrapuntal music.
This is also a call to all the authorities to help capture this person in any way they can, especially since that person has done an uncanny deed, with the help of a great many secret needles against an innocent eight-year-old child.
This is also "Charismatic Legitimacy".
This is also known as "subscribing" to a web feed.
This is also often referred to as breeding.
This is also shown in the image.
This is always true no matter how close together the first two numbers are.
This is a Medieval practical handbook of skills for the artisan, and includes a brief instruction for mixing oil paint.
This is an aggressive and active scorpion.
This is an alarm call and alerts any other deer in the area.
This is an appropriate policy for Conwy as the area faces problems associated with seasonal tourism.
This is an organism with many nuclei, but few or no cell walls.
This is another cross-cultural comparison, like Mauss and Hubert's work on sacrifice.
This is a page with Basic English alphabetical wordlist.
This is a partial list of the last five seasons completed by the Senators.
This is a result of the deck remaining suspended above the water.
This is a simple method to build and can be easily controlled with an automatic mechanism.
This is as of February 1, 2020.
This is as with any other university in the UK.
This is a system of organizing days for social, religious, commercial, or administrative purposes.
This is a village in the province of Perche.
This is awarded to the player who the WTA think has improved the most over the year.
This is a work of art, showing the statue in the mirror.
This is bad form.
This is because, as the Mayor, he did not give approval to stop the fire.
This is because burning normal cocaine destroys it, so the user does not get the effect they want.
This is because communication is needed within our everyday lives, such as at work, in grocery stores, restaurants, and just everyday life.
This is because Henrietta Lacks did not know that a piece of her tumor had been taken.
This is because if he were not real, then how would he have this feeling that he was thinking.
This is because it is cheaper and easier to build LRTs.
This is because it is highly oxidising.
This is because many countries there do not (or did not) have a major knockout cup.
This is because most of the conodont animal was soft-bodied, so everything but the teeth were not fossilised in normal circumstances.
This is because Ms. Sinclair promised to help preserve Hawaiian culture and tradition when she bought the island.
This is because, of a total gene, coding bits (
This is because of the coal mines not being used anymore.
This is because of the instrument's combined melodic and harmonic nature.
This is because of things like fire codes.
This is because phenolic compounds are missing in its essential oil.
This is because species descend in evolution by normal vertical inheritance.
This is because the smoke from the cigarette goes into the air, and can be breathed in by other people.
This is because the towns and villages in the area are too small to provide the local services (for example fire brigade or cemeteries).
This is because the word "buccaneer" is slang for pirate.
This is because they have more mass compared to their single charge.
This is because they thought he helped the Germans.
This is because USB sends digital signals.
This is because when it is daytime on one side of the earth, it is night-time on the other side.
This is because XTRA Airways often lends its airplanes to other companies, including Direct Air.
This is both the second-longest—convert—and second-fastest train in regular UK passenger service.
This is called a "Gondwanan distribution" (meaning that the Proteaceae live only in the areas that used to be part of Gondwana).
This is called a phantom limb.
This is called a sitz bath.
This is called a "standing ovation".
This is called a "supertide".
This is called a tonal answer.
This is called bid.
This is called epistemological anarchy.
This is called fatphobia.
This is called magnetic attraction.
This is called mastitis.
This is called monochromacy.
This is called one-design racing.
This is called parallelism.
This is called perinatal infection.
This is called reduction.
This is called "salting the Earth".
This is called sponge iron, because it is porous like a sponge.
This is called the commit phase.
This is called the thermodynamic enolate.
This is captured by the many serekhs exhibiting arms and hands attached to either the falcon animal or the panel element wielding weapons or holding captives.
This is caused by one galaxy (NGC 7318B) falling into the center of the group at several million miles per hour.
This is common in her culture.
This is compulsory for any competitive game.
This is considered a continuation of his first reign.
This is different from the ICTV one.
This is different from the stratosphere.
This is done because it gives a better picture quality for viewers, lets more channels be broadcast in one area, and is cheaper to run.
This is done by changing the size of the pipe (or tube) that the fluid is flowing through.
This is done by limiting speech, what one thinks and does with the body.
This is done by not translating any addresses to the "hidden" addresses while the program is running.
This is done by pairing stimuli with a specific behavior.
This is done by the high angular resolution of its mirrors.
This is done during a process called "rushing".
This is done entirely in small boats known as keelboats and dinghies.
This is done to avoid confusion when playing a team with similar colors.
This is due to the satyrs' slower growth rate (half that of humans).
This is especially important in witness testimony where the observations and accounts of the witness are usually expected to be accurate and correct.
This is 'facultative', which means they may or may not do it.
This is far below the rate needed to replace each person, 2.1.
This is faster, but the onions that grow this way are weaker than the onions that started as seeds.
This is followed by a session in which the student learns how to meditate.
This is followed by a variation for the ballerina.
This is for being in the top quarter of buildings of its type in the U.S. in terms of energy efficiency.
This is Fribourg's last season in the current BCF Arena before it undergoes major renovations in the spring of 2017, which will last for about two years and increase the capacity from 6,500 to 8,500.
This is generally done by scoring one or more late goals.
This is how synthetic (man-made) diamonds are made.
This is how the Prophet taught his disciples.
This is illegal in some US states.
This is important for surgeries and certain medical procedures.
This is India's third-highest honor.
This is in marked contrast to any other Hindu temple in Sri Lanka or India, that are usually covered with carvings and statues of gods and goddesses in colourful scene.
This is intended to provide mutual authentication between two parties communicating on a network, but in its proposed form it is not secure.
This is known as Consistency.
This is known as homolactic fermentation.
This is known as triangulation.
This is likely fictional, however, as Gisla is unknown in Frankish sources.
This is like the way the same numbers end with -teen in English.
This is mainly because of Miami's closeness to all of Florida's tourist attractions, the city's economic activity, and its large Latin American and European population.
This is mean solar time, measured relative to the Sun.
This is meant for very young children.
This is mentioned several times in different stories (The Five Doctors, The Sea Devils and Terror of the Autons).
This is Milkovo monastery.
This is most noticeable at the southern end where a gap exists in the rim.
This is needed when catching a ball.
This is not about a circle with corners like a square.
This is not present in the Japanese version.
This is not to be confused with Tsuen Wan West Station on KCR West Rail, which lies on the newly reclaimed area near the former ferry pier.
This is not to say that thinking cannot take place without language, but rather it is mediated by language, and so develops to a much higher level of sophistication.
This isn't happening' (2015), Music 2 die 2 (2016).
This is often expressed in amount of money the receiving party should pay or reimburse.
This is one example in which the same word can be both an adjective and an adverb but not in the same sentence.
"This is only a foretaste of what is to come, and only the shadow of what is going to be.”
This is only for men and women.
This is out of nine nominations for her role as Viki.
This is part of the detailed plan.
This is probably the earliest of the Jehol biota lagerstätte sites.
This is referred to as a true dependency or flow dependency, and requires the instructions to execute in program order.
This is referred to as the Weismann barrier.
This is shorter than the skull of Spinosaurus, which was convert long.
This is shown in the diagram below.
This is similar to the first movie.
This is the 2018 edition of Ethnologue.
This is the first time since the 1908 Atlantic hurricane season that two storms formed before the official start date.
This is the “fundamental” or “first harmonic”.
This is the heraldic sign of the Bourbons of Spain.
This is the largest majority against a United Kingdom government ever.
This is the layout that was used in 2004.
This is the main competition of the OSAF - South American Organization for the Promotion of the Thoruoughbred.
This is the main reason that people can catch the flu every year.
This is the Morris 'Tulip and Willow' design (1873).
This is the most common case, most addresses are unicast addresses.
This is the most comprehensive Nôm dictionary with over 19,000 characters.
This is the most famous of the old forms of writing.
This is the number of items that can be stored in the array.
This is the only one game that limits participants by gender.
This is the original four-wheel drive.
This is the original meaning, from a Latin word meaning "before the temple".
This is the place from which the Nawabs of Amb took their title.
This is the private key, and it is the "other half" of a Bitcoin address.
This is the quickest way of getting support.
This is the season where you most likely get thunderstorms with hail.
This is the second time she has ever done this (despite her singing for eight years).
This is the shortest of all the para-alpine race events and uses two different races with different directions down a mountain.
This is the song Suni sings to the accompaniment of a guitar for Chulsu in the movie.
This is the source of many phosphorus compounds.
This is the synod's other seminary.
This is the thinner of the two main types.
This is Tia Mowry-Hardrict’s last season to appear and returns in the series finale.
This is to keep it in agreement with the date of the rest of those countries.
This is to kill the Plasmodium in the liver.
This is to promote the tourism and products of Kinmen.
This is two to three times larger than any modern otter species.
This is unusual for a large multi-sport event.
This is used to make opium.
This is useful for making the cell produce a foreign substance, or to study the effect of introducing a new gene into the genome.
This is usually a form of sexual pleasure, or for emotional reasons.
This is usually called The Origin of Species.
This is usually done by the government today.
This is usually translated as "
This is usual with Irish peers was "promoted" in 1868 the duke was listed as a duke of the kingdom of Ireland, but was given precedence as if it was a United Kingdom peerage.
This is very unusual in a portrait painting.
This is when they "dance" in the water.
This is where a camera is placed to visualize the esophagus and stomach (upper endoscopy) or the colon (lower endoscopy or colonoscopy).
This is where climbers often approach the mountain.
This is where he filmed Stagecoach there 10 years earlier in 1939.
This is where Matilda was from.
This is where the name “Land of Israel” comes from.
This is where the name of the series comes from.
This is where the user can build a park with all items available and unlimited money.
This is why Colossus could not be included in the history of computing hardware for a long time.
This is why guns have recoil.
This is why litters are so large.
This is why many advise breathing out during the difficult part of the motion (for example, when lifting breath out and breath in when coming down for many exercises).
This is why neurotransmitters are needed to pass signals from one neuron to the next.
This is why people who say much with few words have laconic wit, or are using laconic phrases.
This is why UNESCO lists Okinawan and the other Ryukyuan languages as “endangered”, meaning it’s possible for the language to die out in the future.
This keeps it from crashing, but some websites will not display correctly.
This kept the national government weaker due to having less revenue than the states.
This key has two parts, a private part that should not be shared and a public part that should be.
This key is not used often in orchestral music, but is used more in keyboard music.
This kills fish.
This kind of car would have lots of suspension travel and a smooth ride.
This kind of shallow open ship could cross open sea but could be swamped (filled with water) and sink.
This kind of strategy called grand strategy, or national security strategy spread for military theorists today.
This Kirchhoff's first law is that charge is not destroyed or created in a junction point.
This knowledge totally changes the person so that they can have a better life in the present and the future.
This language consist of Persian, sanskrit, ancient greek and avestan loanwords.
This larger size allows substances to boil freely inside a boiling tube.
This lasts for about half a second.
This later gave us the English word berserk.
This law also forbade Jews to show the national flag, and guaranteed their right to show Jewish symbols.
This law has caused problems with the people in Taiwan.
This leaves 8 teams.
This leaves one to share with one of its two neighboring carbon atoms, which is why the benzene molecule is drawn with alternating single and double bonds around the hexagon.
This leaves some doubt about the date.
This led to a change in Malayasian law that means in future, sultans would have to obey the laws.
This led to another time of growth, with the number of people in the city rising from 16,780 in 1921 to almost 25,000 in 1935.
This led to a public outcry.
This led to him getting his first film role in China Gate.
This led to many stories that she could have escaped and still be alive.
This led to popular reports that "Archaeopteryx is no longer a bird".
This led to rapid growth from a small village to a Victorian town.
This led to state boundaries because of linguistic reasons, and gave birth to many other linguisticly devised states, including Tamil Nadu.
This led to the British giving up the American colonies.
This led to the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 by the Free Officers Movement.
This led to the outbreak of war in Europe at the end of July 1914. citation Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia.
This led to the split of definitions, with the Sears Tower claiming the lead in this and the height-to-roof (now highest occupied floor) categories, and with the Petronas claiming the lead in the architectural height category.
This left him frail and weak.
This legend appears in hymn 1.154 of the Rigveda and other Vedic as well as Puranic texts.
This lets blood flow faster out of the corpus spongiosum penis and corpora cavernosa penis.
This lets people know when the ultraviolet lamps are turned on.
This lets people to talk to other people about things related to CARM and its teachings.
This lets the CPU do more of its own work since it does not have to spend any time on advanced graphics calculations; it can simply pass these calculations off to the GPU to be done.
This lets them find the hydrogen molecules that are also there.
This let the American carriers reach their meeting point northeast of Midway (known as "Point Luck") without being found by the subs.
This level also deals with sexual and intimate needs.
This lexicon represents a convenient work of reference for persons who played a part in political, ecclesiastical, and literary history in the East down to the tenth century.
This life span is commonly referred to as the Plasma TV half-life, as it is the number of hours over which the Plasma TV will lose approximately half of its brightness.
This limits how well these kinds of vehicles can move around where there are a large number of obstacles.
This line uses C801 and C801A trains.
This lion was killing cows in a land near Thebes.
This list also includes the children's spouses and any known children they had and a “?” for an unknown number of children.
This list includes all emperors of the Holy Roman Empire, whether or not they called themselves Holy Roman Emperor.
This list includes events from the 1240s.
This list indicates that Cinco de Mayo is not a día feriado obligatorio ("obligatory holiday"), but is instead a holiday that can be voluntarily observed.
This listing includes notation of three songs that are heard twice in the course of the movie, so there are a total of thirty-seven individual music cues.
This list is based on the book by Robert Sewell (A Forgotten Empire).
This list of webpages contains matches related to the user's query in a particular order determined by a ranking system.
This list presents all the cases when a country withdrew or was disqualified from the contest.
This list presents versions of the entries recorded in the official languages that were not used in the contest performance of the represented country.
This locomotive was used to launch the company in 1995, being named "Freightliner 1995".
This looks at plastics.
This machine is able to sell most tickets.
This made a big difference and Alem was even in the news.
This made a great number of people to come to South Africa from Europe.
This made Apollo angry, but he could only change his gift and not take it away.
This made forecasts twice as accurate as earlier ones.
This made Hemingway angry.
This made his father very angry.
This made it impossible for Glyndŵr to send the men or even send an explanation for not sending them.
This made it more difficult to train and compete for the 2018 Games.
This made safety bicycles more comfortable.
This made Sanchez very sad.
This made Spain very weak.
This made Tanzania very poor and caused widespread starvation.
This made the high roll a status symbol.
This made the soil very dark and the dark soil can still be seen today.
This made was the first song by Eminem to be nominated for a Grammy in a major category.
This magic has appeared since Final Fantasy III.
This makes a person associate the harmful behaviour with a bad feeling.
This makes Chelmsford the busiest "ordinary"
This makes distant objects look blurry.
This makes Dumfries one of the largest non-city areas in Scotland.
This makes her one of the best selling artists ever.
This makes Huey possess a more determined character than his brothers as he is usually the last to give up trying to get something when the trio want anything.
This makes it difficult to find the rules, or where and how the activity was done.
This makes it easier for people to support themselves in society by having more protection if they lose their jobs.
This makes it one of the most-
This makes it one of the oldest towns in the area.
This makes it possible for the person to survive, but the Hepatitis C virus usually comes back after the transplant.
This makes it the highest civilian airport in the world.
This makes it unstable, and like everything, it wants to be in the lowest energy state.
This makes MHD an important and useful tool.
This makes oxygen and potassium manganate.
This makes potato guns dangerous.
This makes scientists think that there are more species of arapaima that they have not discovered yet.
This makes StarCraft different from many newer games, because the newer games often do much of the micromanagement without the player having to do it.
This makes the actual land area smaller at convert.
This makes the FID a very useful detector because the samples being tested do not have to be purified before being tested.
This makes the graphic unreadable.
This makes the heart have to work harder to push blood through the arteries.
This makes the hydrate (water attached to the molecule).
This makes them more dangerous.
This makes the penis grow longer, thicker and harder.
This makes the person breathe faster, so they can breathe out the extra carbon dioxide.
This makes the President a mostly ceremonial post elected by the parliament.
This makes the program load first so it can respond faster.
This male organ is a tube with the urethra.
This many fans.
This marmalade is made from Seville oranges.
This Massif du Nord is formed by several chains and the most important, in this department, are the Chaine de la Grande Rivière du Nord and the 'Chaine de Saint Raphael''.
This may be noting down positive moments throughout their day or producing a list of things to complete.
This may explain why, as the neurons are activated one after another, the colour change occurs in waves.
This may explain why fish prefer to shoal with individuals that resemble themselves.
This may have four, eight, sixteen or more tracks.
This may hurt the low part of the back.
This may include websites censoring information, or entire websites being censored.
This may look and act just like the regular particle, except for one major difference.
This means an algorithm can be grouped by how long it can take in a worst-case scenario, where the longest route will be taken every time.
This means anyone can copy it, and make changes to it if they follow the rules for copying or editing.
This means ball in Azerbaijani.
This means both the alleles have a degree of phenotypic expression in the hybrids.
This means classical architecture is not exactly the same as the old buildings it was based off.
This means Ely is the third smallest city in England.
This means it flows into the Blava River.
This means it has hot, humid summers and cold winters.
This means scans can take several minutes.
This means that 10 million copies of the album were shipped in the US.
This means that 20% of all living mammal species – one in five – are bats.
This means that a court will unravel what the county owes.
This means that a planet, with a rocky surface similar to Earth's, may have existed in the past.
This means that birth can be difficult.
This means that everything available at MATLAB is mostly available in GNU Octave.
This means that from some states there are several other states that are possible.
This means that instead of nearing a specific value, it will get infinitely large.
This means that it is landlocked by a landlocked country.
This means that it is part of the United States and citizens of Puerto Rico are citizens of the United States as well.
This means that it slows down faster than pointed bullets.
This means that it was written in the same way people spoke at the time, rather than in a posh way.
This means that more than one physical disks are RAID-ed together to produce a single logical disk.
This means that often, there is uncontrolled growth.
This means that only dogs count as service animals under the ADA.
This means that people performing operations in such an environment cannot use metal tools.
This means that PPP does not always represent the exact real value of money in different countries.
This means that the city has a wet season and a dry season.
This means that the mountains in the west dry out the air as it passes over the Front Range.
This means that there most likely was a Trojan war.
This means that they cannot be undone.
This means that two places with similar climate can often have different kinds of animals and plants.
This means that when biochar is made carbon that was once in the air is made into a solid material.
This means that words in Finnish have a stem called "body", and other parts inside them which make up the meaning.
This means that x*y is not equal to y*x.
This means the league finished its first season with three teams in 1917, but ended up with more than three times more by the end of their first decade.
This means the shutter has to stay open for a long time.
This means the Unification Church has to pay less taxes, or no taxes at all.
This means the union of different political parties or groups for a purpose, usually for a short time.
This means the United States courts of appeals makes the final decision in most federal cases.
This means they ask them if they want to continue batting or not when it starts to get dark.
This means they have signed and agreed to follow the Geneva Conventions.
This means they spawn in fresh water and migrate to salt water to mature.
This means they were not listed among the 33,462 dead.
This means, those athletes from various sports can go their training, also during school.
This means when the water in the river rises, the park is partially covered in water.
This meant Labour had to start a minority government.
This meant that 500 men were elected, but only 50 served at any one time.
This meant that almost 100,000 people had to leave their homes and almost convert of buildings had to be destroyed.
This meant that English had less time to become part of local culture.
This meant that the German Army had little battlefield intelligence and no way to stop Allied supplies.
This meant that when they had conquered one city, this had little influence on the whole empire.
This meant there was no need to buy natural resources from other countries.
This meant the whale would die soon.
This medieval convention is most commonly preserved in Latin legal terminology–hence phrases like de iure are often spelled de jure.
This method treats positive and negative values symmetrically, and therefore is free of overall bias if the original numbers are positive or negative with equal probability.
This mineral can be, somewhat, scratched with your fingernail.
This mini-series was drawn by Sean Murphy.
This mission includes a fountain, church, cemetery, priest quarters, a storage room and a workshop.
This mixture closely resembles that of napalm-B, but lacks a percentage of benzene.
This mode allows you for vector calculations.
This mode of moving has very low caloric cost, less than ⅓ of the cost for a lizard or normal snake to move the same distance.
This moon basin was named after two features on opposing sides; the crater Aitken on the northern end and the southern lunar pole at the other end.
This movement was featured in some media, but it was a small phenomenon.
This movement was later replaced by a horizontal shear.
This move was welcomed by the great majority of people, intellectuals, students, women, civil activists, Komala veteran activists and others.
This movie did well at the box office.
This movie received negative reviews.
This movie was released on July 13, 1966.
This movie was released on March 25, 2011.
This mummification was intentional.
This municipality is the farthest north in the Misox valley.
This musky odour is used to attract females during mating season.
This mythical date was commemorated as the holiday Kigensetsu ("Era Day").
This name has its origin in the fact that many of Gimnasia's original supporters worked in the meat-processing plants of nearby Berisso.
This name later became the settlement of Herggott Springs.
This name was not generally adopted; in 1900 the sea was formally named the Weddell Sea.
This needs a large amount of energy to get started, and is not easy to do yet.
This needs such fast reactions that the details are worked out by computer, with the pilot indicating where to go.
This newer specification (1394b) and corresponding products allow a transfer rate of 786.432 Mbit/s.
This new form of Cubism was called Synthetic Cubism.
This new invention helped to increase the profitability of cotton by mechanically removing its seeds.
This newspaper published the views and political thinking of the Muslim League.
This new spot, called the Northern Great Dark Spot (NGDS), has remained able to be seen for several years.
This number is important for Newcastle United supporters.
This object, created as the supernova got going, is probably no bigger than a major city, such as London, and is likely spinning at a fantastic rate - perhaps a thousand times a second".
This obstruction is virtually isolating Bangladesh from the rest of India to a very large extent nowadays, since the Modi Govt.
This octahedron can be divided into 8 tetrahedral volumes, by cutting along the coordinate planes.
This often cause problems between him and his old friend Charles Xavier.
This often causes bad traffic due to drivers stopping to look at the message.
This often means a whole state, region, or large city.
This often means looking inside the body for medical reasons with an endoscope.
This old house in Verona is called the House of Juliet.
This one is different from the area.
This one is interesting because it is so ancient.
This one line of Python code prints "Hello World"; no main() function or anything else is needed.
This one says that if someone who has not committed the crime willingly takes the punishment, he will come back to life.
This only can happen in one-duck mode, and can not be done with the clay pigeons.
This only takes about 10 seconds.
This orbit is convert from Earth, about four times farther away from us than the moon. citation This keeps it in the Earth's shadow most of the time; it does not actually go around the Earth, but goes around the sun at the same speed as the Earth.
This order is called the lineup.
This organization was an illegal government, with its own army, executioners, and secret service.
This oval was the home of an indigenous team, but is now the official home of the Queensland Cup team, the Ipswich Jets.
This page is a list of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft from 1919 to 1959.
This painting may be the only surviving formal portrait of Lucrezia Borgia; however, doubts have been cast on that claim.
This pamphlet was circulated for free amongst the British officials.
This paradox is named after Robert Giffen, who first described it.
This partly damaged the castle's inside.
This performance was much more acclaimed than the one of the previous year.
This performance was not received well by viewers.
This performance was very provocative and was widely reported following the award show.
This period spanned the years from December 1324 to April 1326.
This period started in April 1260 and ended in February 1261.
This period started in April 1319 and ended in February 1321.
This period started in April 1661 and ended in September 1673.
This period started in April 1781 and ended in January 1789. citation During this time, the emperor was nihongo.
This period started in August 1489 and ended in July 1492.
This period started in February 1021 Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric.
This period started in February 1648 and ended in September 1652.
This period started in February 885 and ended in April 889. Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric.
This period started in January 1131 and ended in August 1132.
This period started in October 1345 and ended in February 1350.
This person had written many letters to François Michel Le Tellier de Louvois, the minister of war at the time.
This physical game was similar to another physical game called What's That? on the Canadian kids game show, Uh Oh!
This picture is from a work by Robert Fludd published between 1617 and 1621.
This picture shows the parts of a vaned feather.
This portrayal has received much praise.
This position began as the head of the cabinet.
This possibility so alarmed Mahmud II that he accepted Russia's offer of military aid.
This potion will make her love the first thing she sees when she wakes.
This prayer is used at nightfall before they go to sleep.
This pressure will rise until the speed of Mach 1 is reached.
This prevents branch delays (in Pipelining, every branch is delayed) as well as problems when serial instructions being executed concurrently.
This problem is known as "the table-maker's dilemma" (below).
This process makes the material much more sensitive to changes in pressure, as well as increases their resistance to compressive stress that would impede its ability to function.
This process results in goose bumps (or goose flesh).
This property is the site of John Alden's original home.
This protects people from difficult situations and helps them survive in the present.
This protects them from being constantly eaten because of their slow movement.
This proved Pascal's hypothesis correct.
This proved that Euclid's fifth postulate was not independent of the other postulates.
This proved traumatic for the Maharajah was believed to possess died thanks to broken heart in 1846.
This provision was discussed during the 1967 Detroit riot, but was not invoked.
This pulse is called the clock signal.
This question is the Riemann hypothesis.
This radiation is known as radio waves, and they are everywhere in the universe.
This ranks in the middle of Chicago community areas.
This ran until 18 October.
This rarely-applied word was used by Charles Krauthammer, the nationally syndicated Washington Post columnist and political commentator on Fox-TV, on Saturday, March 2, and Sunday, March 3, 2014.
This reaction is very powerful because it can form a big molecule from two smaller ones.
This reactions happens explosively, even though that the enthalpy of reaction is negative ( ).
This record was previously held by "Chạy ngay đi" (17.6 million views).
This reduces the chances that they contract malaria.
This reduces the opportunities for bacteria to cause smelly feet.
This region is called Mini Punjab and the Terai Region.
This rehabilitation center is not only open to the children of the Liming Family, but it’s also open to families with similar problems in society.
This rendition would serve both to certify the king’s authority but also to acknowledge his possession of wealth.
This reservation was called Bosque Redondo (Round Grove).
This reservoir was created on top of the town of Stout.
This reshuffling process presumably explains the rapid evolution of higher organisms".
This results in a person experiencing a sensation of calmness and sedation, resulting in feeling more relaxed, less anxious, and increased drowsiness.
This results in a quick and bright "flare."
This results in offspring that are genetically identical to the parent plant.
This reverses the cause of wheezing and makes it easier to breathe.
This rigidity was primarily due to the much-loathed Soviet director, who perpetually enforced these measures and whom Russian and Western guards alike feared and despised.
This road cannot be used when there is heavy snow of more than convert.
This romantic-comedy is about romance, deception and infidelity.
This rule is found in the United Kingdom.
This school is of the scholarly tradition.
This school was started by the saint Tsangpa Gyare (1161–1211).
This section has examples of code.
This sector is steadily growing and attaining competitiveness.
This sentinel also had to open the door and not allow it to be opened; but you can feel that the guard himself was very glad to be exempted from all these duties".
This shape is called "Bar form" in German.
This should reduce defects and errors.
This shows Gardner's importance.
This shows more skin beneath the wearer's belly button.
This shows that the psychological problems that come with perfectionism come from viewing oneself strictly.
This side of the church was about 200 years old and had only one small door.
This single, unlike her other singles, has only 3 tracks.
This sleek animal could perhaps swim at speeds up to 25 mph (40 kph).
This sleeping arrangement is space-efficient and accommodates for smaller housing in a country where living space is severely limited.
This slows down the frontal rainband just before the mountain barrier.
This small asymmetry is involved in baryogenesis, the process by which our universe came to consist almost entirely of matter, with almost no free antimatter.
This small point is called a singularity.
This song was a light folk-rock style song, but it didn't make a big hit.
This song was released in February of 1987 off her album True Blue.
This sort of decoration is used on walls as well.
This sound appears in "
This sparked some controversy, saying it is disrespectful to the bible.
This sparks part of Amy's hatred for Adrianne.
This species is home to a large community of deep sea organisms.
This sphere had shiny stars on it.
This spread the fire and made matters much worse.
This stage is located after Funky's Flights and before Loopy Lights.
This stage lasts from 4–6 days.
This star has a spectral type of M6, https://arxiv.
This star is named Alphard.
This started a fifty-year period in which 20–25 rivals struggled for the throne.
This started a four-game super Bowl-losing streak for the Bills.
This state is more common than the +4 state.
This state of affairs was short lived and he was overthrown by the Zanzibar Revolution.
This station is for B, D and E trains.
This station is located near the Singapore Botanic Gardens at the intersection of Bukit Timah Road and Cluny Park Road, hence its name.
This station is near to Enable Village for people with special needs.
This statue shows David naked, except for his boots and hat.
This stopped the EVO 2 from being made.
This stops the player's clock, and start's the opponent's clock.
This story about the death of Farkhunda Malikzada won her the Pulitzer Prize.
This story also brings to light the trials of a joint family where sons and daughters try to break away.
This story is told alongside two others stories: one about Stanley's great-great-grandfather, and another about the area where the camp is located.
This strategy was designed to encourage industrial growth.
This strongly suggest that our brain activities are, at least in this respect, more similar to juvenile apes than to adult apes.
This structure allows the hurricane to maintain its strength for longer durations, and in worse conditions than typical hurricanes.
This structure will detatch from its root or stem and will roll on the ground.
This study found that prize-based contingency management helped cocaine addicts stay off cocaine, whether or not they had gambled recently.
This study is seen as thew first randomized controlled triall.
This study seeks to understand the spatial structure and nature of: "
This successful tour ended in 2007, and Joey and Dan left once again.
This suggested to some the possibility of further revelation; "One more struggle", wrote a critic in Le Figaro, "and the lady will be free".
This suggests that, given time, its functions can shift to nearby areas in the brain.
This suggests that, in life, the tail could swish to the sides with some flexibility.
This system was meant to teach trainees that not all victims require CPR.
This system was unreliable, because of dirt on the barcodes.
This teaches children that it is their duty, as members of the community, to observe others' contributions so they gradually become involved and participate more in the community.
This team approach meant changes in how they worked.
This team made it only to an elevation of convert on the South East Spur of the mountain.
This team merged with LASK to FC Linz but soon was inhaled by LASK.
This team was very successful.
This technique can be very useful to suggest certain things.
This technique keeps the natural shapes of the figures and allows the work to be seen from many angles without twisting the figures themselves.
This temple is one of the most impressive Siva temples in India.
This term emphasizes romantic interest in the same sex, rather than sexual attraction.
This term is especially used when the man is married to another woman.
This term is often used by anthropologists and linguists when discussing the 40 or so Aboriginal groups that live there, who speak dialects of one language, often called the Western Desert language.
This term was created to describe an ethnic/cultural link to Africa for people who are American, much as in the case of Italian Americans, Irish Americans, or Polish Americans.
This test displays an error message for multiple authors' names in a single parameter, as well as single author names that include a comma-separated list of post-nominals: FC White, RN, MD, Ph.
This theorem, called Noether's theorem gives physicists an extremely powerful tool to try and solve complicated problems.
This theory could not be proved.
This theory is not established.
This The value of this tuple is equal to "abb" because it combines the value of the dictionary's index 5 with an extra character "b".
This throughput is also useful in disk-to-disk backups.
This ticker does not just crawl during menus and load screens but also in actual gameplay.
This tilt causes the disc to bend back towards the thrower (-in).
This time it was released as an Island single.
This time it was to escort back to England a new member of his monastery.
This time period is when tropical cyclones usually form in the Atlantic Ocean.
This time they were able to attend.
This tool could be used to measure the ozone levels found in the stratosphere from the ground.
This town is also famous for tea plantations.
This town is the headquarters of Ammapettai revenue block.
This track, AC electrified, is normally used by freight trains, and therefore sees no normal passenger use.
This train sped past one of the fast platforms.
This transformed them into Putty Thing and Fish Guy, in the episode "the Terrible Two".
This translates to the well-known English term "pieces of eight".
This tree has gray bark covered with cracks.
This tree has individual peripheral nodes (e.g. leaves) which are required to transmit to and receive from one other node only and are not required to act as repeaters or regenerators.
This trend is sometimes known as "throughput computing".
This tub could accommodate four normal-sized people.
This tunnel had the Whomping Willow (a violent tree that attacks those who get near it) built over it, so nobody could get to him by mistake.
This type must be held in place on the patient's skin while shocks are delivered.
This type of climate is in the plain and coastal areas.
This type of joint allows the bone to move in a 360° angle—with more freedom than other joints.
This type of painting called a "Sacred Conversation" later became very popular, but this is one of the first ones.
This type often had to stop for fuel in the North Atlantic.
This unfinished portrait was painted as a study for the finished picture.
This unit is also called a "mega-gram" (1 000 000 g) but "tonne" is more convenient.
This usually happens when people are very tired, and have not slept for a long time.
This utilizes a large database of trusted program signatures in order to provide the user with further advice upon requests from the program in regards to allowing or denying access to the Internet.
This version of the song reached number one in the US and Canada, number two in the UK, and the top ten in Australia.
This version states she was created from the same dirt as Adam.
This vessel was then used to fill other vessels such as wine cups.
This victory has regarded as one of the miracle victories of the world.
This view locates management accounting specifically in the context of management control theory.
This virus was used to kill millions of rabbits that were destroying large areas of Australian grasslands and farms.
This was 33 years before the 1857 war of independence.
This was 5.1% more than 2010.
This was about 33 million in 2011.
This was after she was accused of killing someone while she was performing on stage.
This was agreed under the 1992 consensus (Zh) to facilitate cross-strait matters.
This was a joint mission between the US and Japan.
This was a key evolutionary 'invention', which allowed the amniotes to invade the land.
This was also a really significant discovery.
This was also commercially hit.
This was a mode of teaching, which our blessed Lord seemed to take special delight in employing.
This was a move largely attributed to the financial burdens brought on by the Russian Ice Hockey Federation's (RHF) mandate that foreign teams pay for the travel, accommodations, and meals of visiting teams.
This was a much more effective way of using chemical weapons.
This was an article that was only 8 pages long, but he developed his idea from what Legendre had written.
This was an important moment in European history.
This was an increase of 13.2% over the 248,709,873 people counted during the 1990 Census.
This was a remastering of the series in two 26-disc DVD box sets, that were made-to-order only, released on March 19 and September 18 and referred to as "Dragon Boxes."
This was a revolt against the revolution otherwise called a counter-revolution.
This was a song with a single song, "No More Dream."
This was a surprise to the Union troops, and the surprise worked well.
This was a tactic which made German defences disorganised.
This was at a height of convert above the Earth.
This was at a time when almost all products where for white people.
This was at a time when the piano was a new instrument.
This was a time when lots of gay men moved to live in the Castro District of San Francisco.
This was a very important position for such a young man.
This was a way of balancing the power of the lower house, where the numbers for each state were related to the state's population.
This was based on the time Gould's father started a hunting club to sell alcohol without a license.
This was because he was very good at shooting, including 'three-point' shots.
This was because, more venues had booked Selena to perform and attendance to her concerts were growing.
This was because of specific features on its teeth, and because its backbones look much like the ones of Sigilmassasaurus.
This was because Rheinmetall was not large enough to make lots of FG 42s.
This was because the Australian Open was far away from Europe and North America and was not considered as important as the other Grand Slam tournaments.
This was because there was an unsafe section of the tunnel.
This was because they were afraid another battle would have to be fought.
This was before the other independence leaders, since he was the only one well known to the Allies.
This was called Wassailing.
This was changed when writers got the idea of making the design of Moe's bar post-modern.
This was confirmed by ceremonies.
This was corrected officially in 1986, when any contact between an adult and minor (any person under 21 years of age) was declared an excommunicable offense".
This was done to show respect to previous dynasties.
This was due to research by Norwegian-American scholars such as Knut Gjerset and Ludvig Hektoen.
This was entirely wrong, and plays no part in science today.
This was first noticed on the album Black Tie, White Noise.
This was followed by a year with the Sydney Millionaires of the Cape Breton Senior Hockey League, producing 29 goals and 22 assists.
This was followed up by promotion to the Scottish Premier League in the 2007-08 season.
This was following the 1997 unrest in Albania and poor economic conditions in the Tragedy of Otranto and the Karaburun tragedy.
This was for the protection of the colony against unfriendly Indians or other enemies.
This was his last trip.
This was in a small chapel standing on one of the bridge's surviving piers on the Avignon side.
This was in easternmost Marie Byrd Land.
This was in the early hours of September 16, 1810, in front of his parish church.
This was in the specification.
This was largely due to the fact that he was from Illinois, and his popularity in Chicago.
This was later changed to Class 430, under which they spent the majority of their working lives.
This was later renamed Dark Horse Heroes.
This was leaked on January and February 2001, after release build 2223.
This was like a coup.
This was Manivannan's first film as director.
This was meant to be an area where people could come to be protected from Hutu attacks.
This was more than any other actor on the show.
This was more than any other music DVD had sold in its first week.
This was more than any other state territory.
This was not always because amateurs were thought to be not as good as professionals.
This was not, however, always the case.
This wasn’t the case with Judith.
This was one of a handful of songs of the Beatles in which the members did not play any instruments.
This was one of Michelangelo's last projects.
This was one of the last times she was on television.
This was one of the most remarkable modern discoveries of a '
This was only a little different from the Bunreacht na hÉireann (meaning literally the Constitution of Ireland).
This was on one of the "Betriebsausflug" days when a company, lab or other work group basically just goes off somewhere and messes around, eating, drinking, socializing and playing games.
This was opposite to the idea that they were some sort of electromagnetic radiation.
This was partly achieved by regular brothers and family meetings, but it was also because of the high value placed on family unity by first Nelson and John 3rd, and later especially with David.
This was partly due, he believed, to the rise in social status of families who were not capable of producing many children but who rose because of the financial advantage of having a small number of children.
This was part of a long-term effort to test and extend Darwin's insights into emotions.
This was popularized by young Mexicans.
This was Quonset Point at the Davisville Naval Construction Battalion Center in Davisville, Rhode Island.
This was seen as a successful "come back" for the Carpenters however Karen would pass away just two years later.
This was similar to a pantomime.
This was Sisley's last trip to England.
This was the beginning of the composite motor.
This was the first known enzyme to take its instructions from a DNA copy.
This was the first major crusade not initiated by the Papacy, a trend that was to continue for the rest of the century.
This was the first of its kind in Korea.
This was the first practical step taken to make sure each player had the same total thinking time available.
This was the first time the championships were hosted in Canada.
This was the first work of general literature printed in Australia.
This was the German government agency in charge of making and giving out soap and washing products during the war.
This was the highest price ever paid for an Australian painting.
This was their first commercially successful album, exposing the band's groove metal style to mainstream audiences.
This was their first concert in 2014 in Korea.
This was the largest airborne operation of all time.
This was the last NHL season to end in the month of May.
This was the last ship to be chosen for the voyage after the Navy realized that they did not have enough space for the extra people, equipment, and supplies on the ten ships.
This was the last Southern Court era.
This was the last time 30 minute episodes would air.
This was the most effective way for the trireme to destroy other boats.
This was the next great discovery after Mendel: that genes were carried on chromosomes.
This was the result of the British getting hold of three code books from wrecked ships.
This was the same congregation his wife was from.
This was the unmanned lower part of the LM. it looked like octagonal-shaped.
This was the very thing I had been looking for".
This was the year that Israel became a country.
This was thought to be because of the song "Bodies", often known as "Let The Bodies Hit The Floor", which remains the band's most well-known song.
This was to keep the state from seceding (leaving the Union).
This was to prevent the substitution of good horses with low quality horses.
This was twice as fast as any other pilot had ever taken to fly around Australia.
This was typical in large families.
This was unsuccessful, and Raleigh's men attacked a Spanish outpost.
This was until the 1850s when American settlers started coming.
This was used during the Israeli War of Independence in 1948.
This was used for the coffin of Ipi-ha-ishutef (dated 2073±9 BC) and the funerary boat of Senusret III (dated 1887±11 BC; conventional reign date 1878 BC 1839 BC).
This was using these generated numbers as a "seed" instead of a result.
This was usually done by mixing sodium bicarbonate with water and drinking it.
This was when nine members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary were killed.
This was when separate awards were given for black-and-white and color movies.
This was when the kingdom was largest.
This was when the radio spectrum was considered to consist of long, medium and short wavelengths.
This was when they were first met by the French in 1667.
This was written at a Constitutional Convention and voted for by the people of the colonies.
This was written during the reign of Alfonso VII.
This way of serving sushi is becoming more popular in other countries as well.
This way of using the compound is still being developed.
This way, sick people do not feel pain, do not know they are sick, and spread the virus more than if they could feel pain.
This weapon often jammed and it was not good for attacks.
This will become the most expensive transfer in 2021.
This will be the first F1 race in India.
This will be the first of 57 nights of bombing.
This will burn faster and hotter.
This will cause additional ions to be formed from the argon fuel.
This will change the voltage inside the smoke detector, so the smoke detector will beep.
This will cost a lot of money.
This will make it useless to record a picture.
This will normally go down in older people.
This will provide a great compactness of the concept with the Olympic Stadium and all indoor venues of the Olympics will be gathered within walking distance.
This will reduce the sound that is able to reach and cause damage to the ears.
This will require a return to the linear accelerator, but with devices significantly longer than those currently in use.
This will usually be a mixture containing helium.
This wire is called a filament.
This, with commercial launch vehicles (
This would aim to produce young adults whose main aim is to live according to the precepts (beliefs, practices) of a particular religion.
This would be considered the binary equivalent to the base-10 gigabyte, which consists of exactly one billion bytes.
This would enlarge the family with anything up to 22 genera.
This would have been the eastern side.
This would have limited him to being elected only one time, but he was not affected since the amendment did not affect the person who was the current President when the amendment was originally proposed by Congress.
This would help remove all of the silt deposited by the rising tides.
This would include any cars that did not set a qualifying time.
This would later on make open-heart surgery able to be done, as roller pumps can make blood flow during surgery.
This would let passengers leave with a short walk to Bridgewater Place and Granary Wharf at the moment they have to walk from the North Side and under the station in a tunnel.
This would make it impossible for those doctors to prescribe medicines for physician-assisted suicide.
This would make it so that Grasslands National Park would be created.
This would make the range 30 km.
This would mean that the normal 8-car trains would not be able to stop at them.
This would tip the chair up backwards, ducking the victim.
This writing system has been reformed a number of times.
This year he also was inducted to the Blues Hall of Fame.
This year he was also among the people's deputies who voted for "dictatorial laws".
Thomas began his career at fourteen as an announcer on a local radio show. citation The station could not pay him due to his age, so they arranged for the sponsor, Piper Aircraft, to give him flying lessons in a Piper Cub.
Thomas Curnow, the local school teacher, escaped and stopped the police train before it could crash on the missing track.
Thomas died on April 30, 2016 of natural causes at the age of 91.
Thomas Edward Silverstein (February 4, 1952 – May 11, 2019) was an American convicted murderer.
Thomas has one of the best records in NBA history.
Thomas Howard "Tom" Stevens (September 17, 1956 January 24, 2021) was an American pop rock bassist, guitarist and singer-songwriter.
Thomas is a sophisticated man, often wearing classy clothes and carrying him in a way that expresses confidence.
Thomas Lee "Tom" Bridegroom who died in a tragic accident.
Thomas Lombe was given a 14 year patent to protect the design of the throwing machines he used.
Thomas Lowndes Snead, The Fight for Missouri (New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1886) pp. 176-179 He reassureed the citizens of St. Louis that the Union army would protect them.
Thomas L. Steffen (9 July 1930 – 1 September 2020) was an American politician and lawyer.
Thomas Lubanga is accused of using children to make war.
Thomas Newcomen (February 1664 5 August 1729) was an English inventor.
Thomas Nicholson bought the park in 1803 and in 1811 had John Clarke redesign it as a private park.
Thomas William "Tom" Hiddleston (born 9 February 1981) is an English actor.
Thomas worked up to the position of UPI's White House Bureau Chief, a post she would hold for over 25 years.
Thompson also wrote the script for the movie.
Thompson died on March 19, 1944 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 74.
Thompson said it was Trivium's best album to date.
Thompson told him that he ran all the way from Hester, and that he needed to warn Lawrence.
Thomson then joined the band to be the new guitarist and has always played guitar.
Thorburn in Takapuna on 26 January 2021.
Thorin sends a message to the dwarves of his people, and tells them to come.
Thornton checked with the grandmother, who confirmed that she had not seen the child.
Those attached to the end are called suffixes.
Those governates are divided into 64 districts.
Those hate groups didn't like that.
Those included The Green Goddess in 1923.
Those in favor of a constitutional convention may want to count Oklahoma's call for a convention anyway.
Those languages are Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Hindi and Kannada.
Those not in bold are the nominees.
Those numbers tell you how to do the integration.
Those populations that resisted would be massacred as a warning to other towns and cities.
Those were put there near the end of the 16th century.
Those which are not give squawks or cries, which are like calls.
Those who believe in a night-watchman state are called "minarchists" and they believe in minarchism.
Those who follow these precepts will achieve happiness and peace of mind.
Those who had won immunity got the first pick, and the last male and female left would leave the game.
Those who want to take up masters and doctorate courses can also find these in Silliman.
Those who were not killed were taken captive.
Those wings cannot be moved, they are stable, but the wings also produce lift, so the airplane will get off the ground if you move it fast enough.
Those with certain types of color blindness will see different numbers from those not affected by color blindness.
Though Belle does not recognize him at first, she looks into his eyes and sees the Beast within and they kiss.
Though he was the only ace killed in action, Davis was not the only US ace to die in the war.
Though "Mexican Radio" did not make the top 40 in either the US or the UK, it was a sizeable underground hit, and the song's video received heavy airplay on MTV in the US and MuchMusic in Canada.
Though originally bred to fight and later used as a military sentry or police dog, Boxer owners will confirm that this type of role is no longer suitable for Boxers, as many decades of breeding had produced a dog that is too docile for this type of duty.
Though the band is not very good, the townspeople are still very proud of it and let Hill go.
Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar, a small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable, allowing millions of antibodies with slightly different tip structures, or antigen binding sites, to exist.
Though the law says adoption lasts for ever, people from troubled adoptions want to know about their biological parents more than people from happy adoptions.
Though there won't always be a Condorcet winner or Condorcet loser, there is always a Smith set and "Smith loser set" (smallest group of candidates who lose to all candidates not in the set in head-to-head elections).
; though they come from all over the United States, including the northern portion of California.
Though unaware of the effect of the unconscious mind, it influences the actions we engage it.
Though Weismann was cagey about accepting Mendelism, younger workers soon made the connection.
Thousands are killed.
Thousands from mainland Portugal fled into neighbouring European countries, particularly France, to avoid the military draft and the war in Africa.
Thousands of British soldiers brought back to Netley were nearly far too many for the hospital, but others had been built by then and so they were able to deal with the number of troops.
Thousands of people attempt the challenge each year.
Thousands of people have been killed, and thousands more are missing.
Thousands of people marched to the Georgia state capitol building to stop police brutality.
Three 14-year-old girls and an 11-year-old girl were killed.
Three bishops of 7th District's church save him and hide him in the church.
Three cases were then confirmed, including the man's son and wife. citation During the next few days, COVID-19 cases went up to 21 out of 832 tested.
Three days before the election her supporters, including her husband, were caught in Lindsay putting fake letters in peoples' letterboxes.
Three days later, the government banned all "non-essential" travel.
Three days later, the second confirmed case was reported.
Three hours later and with four more police officers, they again demanded entrance to the home. citation When Mapp did not come to the door immediately, a door was forced open and the police entered.
Three judges heard an appeal started by the State of Queensland on 17 July, 2009.
Three kinds of animals are there and nowhere else: deer mouse, island fox, and island night lizard.
Three master carvers from this period carved khachkars in Noraduz, the most notable of whom was Kiram Kazmogh (1551-1610), his contemporaries were Arakel and Meliset.
Three matches happened on the pre-show.
Three months after her request, she was visited by Sheriff O. H. P. Green who spoke with her, but failed to locate Steinbach.
Three national flags are hoisted while the corresponding national anthems are played.
Three native species may be extinct in the state.
Three of her brothers (Alfie, Liam, and Tommy) were also IRA members.
Three of the craters—Rochechouart, Manicouagan and Saint Martin—formed a convert chain at latitude 22.8° N, while Obolon' and Red Wing lay on identical declination paths with Rochechouart and Saint Martin respectively.
Three of the toes point forwards.
Three people are killed.
Three people are killed on the ground.
Three people were hurt when a big sign board fell on top of them.
Three pilot episodes for the series, collectively called The Xena Trilogy, initially aired as part of the first seasons of Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.
Three seats on the Commission are open every odd numbered year.
Three singles were released from it.
Three stuntmen broke their bones.
Three years later, Bahlul Lodi took control of the capital.
Three years later, Goku and his friends oppose Master Roshi's rival Tsuru-Sen'nin, and his students Tenshinhan and Chaozu at Tenkaichi Budōkai.
Thrill of a Lifetime is a 1937 American comedy movie directed by George Archainbaud and starring James V. Kern, Charles Adler, George Kelly, Billy Mann, Judy Canova, Ben Blue, Eleanore Whitney.
Through 2004, file-sharing of the two singles and leaked promos of Arular on the internet increased anticipation for her debut album Arular.
Through Akka Films, Nicolas Wadimoff started up and developed the project “Swiss Palestinian Encounters”: five short documentaries were borne out of a documentary workshop in which young aspiring Palestinian movie directors took part.
Through Anne Marie descend the current post-Stuart legitimist claims of the Jacobites to the English and Scottish thrones.
Through Kokemäki flows the Kokemäenjoki river which is 121 km long.
Throughout August, small numbers of U.S. aircraft and their crews continued to arrive at Guadalcanal.
Throughout gestation, which in most species requires two to four weeks, his mate visits him daily for 'morning greetings'.
Throughout her life, Lee had said that she would never publish another novel.
Throughout his career, Lewis has built a reputation as one of the best players in NFL history.
Throughout most of the books, Harry also has a pet owl named Hedwig, used to deliver and get messages and packages.
Throughout most of the region, the average rainfall exceeds 1400 mm, with the highest average rainfall occurring near Muzaffarabad (around 1800 mm).
Throughout the majority of Homer’s writings, Zeus is so supreme that he is used to represent the collective power of gods and Zeus is so commonly mentioned.
Throughout the production, the voice actors were tasked with playing different characters and performing their lines on cue, switching between roles as necessary.
Throughout the series, there are stories that relate to the Belcher family and the citizens that live near them.
Throughout this extensive range, almost all species are highly threatened or vulnerable to extinction due to a combination of habitat destruction, overfishing, and pollution.
Through the 19th century "the exchanges became effective spokesmen for, and innovators of, improvements in transportation, warehousing, and financing, which paved the way to expanded interstate and international trade."
Through the first half of the season, the Winx and Roxy battle against the Wizards.
Through the years, Lynch worked with old friend and colleague Don Calfa in the films Necronomicon (1993), Toughguy (1995), Corpses Are Forever (2003), and Lewisburg (2009).
TH sounds like the 'TH' in 'THin'.
Thudongkhasathan Thawon Nimit (ธุดงคสถานถาวรนิมิตร) is a meditation centre for monks, novices, nuns, and the general public.
Thug grew up to prominence in 2013 after releasing his mixtape 1017 Thug to critical acclaim.
Thunder Bridge is also near the A629 road.
Thunder is the sound that comes from the rapid spread of air along the lightning strike.
Thunderstorms are common during the spring and summer months, including some severe storms.
Thus began the Battle of Octodurus.
Thus by heading with the powerful wing, Epaminondas was able to defeat an enemy previously thought invincible.
Thus Chișinău was once more made capital of the now 'autonomous' republic.
Thus, Dickinsonia were basal animals.
Thus, it will seem to the driver of the car on the inside, that, although the speed of the cars is the same, the car on the outside is slower.
Thus, Surtees became the World Champion, although he did not score most points over the course of the year.
Thus, the bank's corporate treasury department will assign funding charges to the business units for their use of the bank's resources when they make loans to clients.
Thus, the Castrum Monsorelli became one of the forty fortified castles in Anjou and one of the few to be given the title of lordship at the turn of year 1000.
Thus the faces of a parallelepiped are planar, with opposite faces being parallel.
Thus the perestroika and glasnost intended to make the Soviet economy stronger resulted into something very different.
Thutmose III was co-regent with his stepmother, and was head of the army, but Hatshepsut was the effective ruler, and the named Pharaoh.
Thutmose travelled up the Nile with his army and fought in the battle, personally killing the Nubian king.
Tics are common in childhood, four to twelve percent of all children have from tics.
Tie dye is an expression of emotion and is a very colourful and expressive type of art.
Tiffany has received rewards for her films from many organizations, including Steven Spielberg’s Righteous Person’s Foundation.
TIFF has not had a major update since 1992, though several Aldus/Adobe technical notes have been published with minor extensions to the format, and several specifications, including TIFF/EP, have been based on the TIFF 6.0 specification.
Tiger is based in Vernon Hills, Illinois.
Tigran Petrosian: his life and games.
Tiin is brand of the list in the Mexican TV channel of the logo.
Tilke also designed the buildings used for the circuit.
Till 24 June 2014 West Bengal was divided into 19 districts.
Till the late 1980s, BTNR was still part of the CCNR.
Till to summer 2013 have visited Zac Klingenthal and Lilly Seefeld the school and have finished with her Abitur.
Tim Berners-Lee graduated from the Queen's College at Oxford University, England, 1976.
Time Series is a statistical method used to forecast revenues, hotel occupancy, interest rates etc.
Time with scythe and hourglass.
Time zones of Russia.
Tim Kelly made a play about the novel, movie, and TV series in 1973.
Timmendequas had just recently been released from prison after his second conviction on sexual offenses against children.
Timmins was founded in 1912 by Noah Timmins after there were gold discoveries in the Porcupine Camp, although South Porcupine and Schumacher were formed in 1911.
Timmy becomes a girl in order to find out what Trixie wants for her birthday, becoming "Timantha", while Cosmo and Wanda change genders.
Timmy wishes his mom was the best cook in the world.
Timothy James Walz (main; born April 6, 1964) is an American politician.
Tipton was first called Pittsburg.
Tipu Sultan’s full name was Sultan Fateh Ali Khan Shahab.
Titsingh encouraged McCartney to abandon a planned expedition to Japan in 1793.
Titsingh was appointed Dutch Ambassador to the court of the Emperor of China.
T-Mobile Team (UCI Team Code: TMO) is a professional cycling team competing in international road bicycle races.
TNT, dynamite, hexogen, HMX and Torpex are examples of secondary explosives.
To accelerate the train, more voltage must be sent to the motor.
To all this let me add, I have seven sons and seven daughters, and look for sons-in-law and daughters-in-law of pretensions worthy of my alliance.
To avoid confusion, it is rounded to the next closest 100. That way, S3200 does not transfer 3.200 MBit/s, nor 3.200 MiBit/s, but 3.145,728 Mbit/s, or 3.000 MiBit/s.
To avoid confusion, this fact is ignored in the list below.
To avoid drying out they will clamp to the rock they inhabit, minimizing water-loss from the rim around their base.
Tobacco companies used images of doctors in their advertisements to falsely convince the public that cigarettes were safe.
To be considered part of the Anglosphere requires sharing basic customs and values.
To be extra careful, we might also run the experiment so that the water temperature does not change during the experiment.
To be printed, these images need to be translated into raster graphics first.
To be rid of Alcindoro for a bit, Musetta pretends to have a tight shoe and sends him with it to the shoemaker.
Tobi interrupted the meeting and declared the Fourth Great Ninja War.
To carry the ball safely without turnovers, it is important to know how to control the ball safely.
To change colour the animal changes the sac form or size by muscular contraction.
Tochigi was a significant city.
To dart about quickly requires special advanced brains and reflexes to keep control.
To date, the real band has released three albums, The Dethalbum, The Dethalbum II, and Dethalbum III.
To date there have been two acting Presidents.
Today, 147 countries have agreed to the Convention, the Protocol, or both.
Today, about 600,000 Māori people live in New Zealand.
Today after many amendments, it has 447 Articles and 12 schedules and 25 parts ( According to 2019).
Today aikido is found all over the world in a number of styles, with different groups placing importance on different things.
Today all the buildings are restored to their former state.
Today, ancient temples and ruins worshiping Thoth are there and what used to be Khemenu is now el-Eshmunein.
Today, a new 2000-strong AFL is being built under the auspices of the Security Sector Reform (SSR) program.
Today, at least in the United States, when the word "diet" is seen or heard it is assumed to be aspartame.
Today, a very small number of male strippers are there.
Today, between 500.000 and 850.000 people speak Aramaic languages.
Today between 7.000 and 8.000 such stones are known.
Today chemists have discovered 118 different elements.
Today Christmas carols are a very known tradition.
Today, Curitiba is considered one of the best examples of urban planning worldwide.
Today, fishing is still a powerful force, although fettered by ordinances to prevent overfishing.
Today Fort Ouiatenon is open to tourists and is the location of the annual Feast of the Hunters' Moon.
Today, he is Pope Emeritus.
Today, it is difficult to say who exactly took part in the rebellion.
Today, it is produced in many places.
Today Jawa is sold in many European countries.
Today, less that four percent of the Palestinian Arabs living inside the borders of Palestine are Christians.
Today, managers dress in the same uniform as the team, even though most managers today are not players.
Today, Mike Pompeo is the U.S.'s Secretary of State.
Today, most Cava is produced in Penedès.
Today, Myer's is one of Australia’s biggest department stores.
Today, Oahu has become a tourism and shopping center.
Today, over 280 mummies have been found.
Today, P-51 Mustangs are often used in air races.
Today, Panipat is famous as 'The Town of Weavers' because of its fine carpet-weaving and textile industries.
Today, people running for president give most of their money and attention to states where the vote will be close.
Today Romania has 40 counties and the capital, Bucharest has a separate status.
Today's bridge was built in 1920.
Today, scientists agree that there is only one human race.
Today's conductor of the Cleveland Orchestra, Franz Welser-Möst, continues to conduct the orchestra in Cleveland as well as touring with them all over the world.
Today, Shahbazpur Town, Titas River is one of the most-visited regional tourist destinations in Bangladesh.
Today, Shelby County is the fastest-growing county in Alabama.
Today, Silliman has ten colleges, four schools, and two institutes.
Today's production uses this type of plastic to create different things because it can resist very high and low temperatures.
Today Teotihuacán is one of the most noted archaeological attractions in Mexico.
Today Terrazzo continues to provide environmentally friendly durability and low maintenance, typically lasting the life of the building.
Today, the Bethlehem Housing Authority manages 1,430 conventional housing units within ten developments serving the city of Bethlehem.
Today the capacity is 5,500 because the city closed the natural hills around the stadium for visitors.
Today the city has a medical hospital, mental hospital, brewery, sport area with hockey arena, gym and swimming pool.
Today, The Gong Show is remembered fondly by the people who watched it.
Today, the most promising control system is the myoelectric signal.
Today, the newspaper collaborates with La Liberté, another Catrholic newspaper from Fribourg.
Today the opium crop is worth in excess of $400 million legally and $7 billion illegally, after processing.
Today the pollution in the river has decreased considerably, and using it as a "garbage dump" is illegal.
Today there are only a few ruined stone foundations.
Today, there are still 60 Gutenberg Bibles.
Today, there are three main movements in Mormonism, although one is by far the largest.
Today the students come from over 50 countries.
Today, the word "Pinoy" is used as an adjective for things that have to do with the Philippines or Filipinos.
Today they are found in at least 10 southern states.
Today they are the most popular games in Ireland.
Today, they have effectively associated themselves with the local economy and can be seen practicing in various forms of trade.
Today, this principle is the basis of modern chemistry.
Today triodes are used in wave throwing and hot making.
Today, very few people live in the city.
Today, very often, hotlines are operated by call-centers.
Today Viareggio is a very nice city for tourism.
Today, Western countries usually celebrate this day with a party which ends with a group countdown to midnight.
Today, Wright is seen as one of the most important British painters of his time.
To deal with increasing patronage, trains were also extended to six cars.
To diagnose diverticulitis, it is important to do a barium enema X-ray to see the shape of the intestine wall. citation Diverticula can be seen with a axial tomographie scan (CT scan).
To disguise his identity, he called the hero "George Sherston", but the character was based on Sassoon himself.
To do this, Wolverine runs at Magneto.
To eat insects an earwig has two choices, bad smell or its cerci (little pinchers).
To encourage teams to install and use KERS, the minimum weight of the car has been increased from 620 kilograms (1,367 pounds) to 640 kilograms (1,411 pounds).
To enter TMDU, students should pass 2 types of exams: the National Center Test for University Admissions and the university's own exam.
To fill the enlarged lungs, air from outside at higher pressure comes rushing into the area of low pressure in the lungs.
To find the critical points of a function, compute the first derivative of the function and set it equal to zero.
To finish these levels, you have to get through the whole thing without dying.
To get a third dimension, each point also has a height above the original coordinate system.
Together, 1,541 separate schools have education for 743,364 elementary and secondary students.
Together Kingsway and Aldwych form one of the major north-south routes through central London linking the ancient east-west routes of High Holborn and Strand.
Together, their hits included Dancing in the Street and Heat Wave.
Together, the new cells survived, prospered and evolved into new and complex forms of life.
Together they are more than convert long, but only two rivers have lengths exceeding convert; the Kama (convert) and the Chusovaya (convert).
Together they escape the lock-up that very night to prove Ramesh's innocence.
Together they provide membrane fluidity and mechanical strength.
Together they ruled over Tamil Nadu with a unique culture and language, contributing to the growth of Sangam Literature, some of the oldest literature in the world.
Together they were involved in the Flemish movement.
Together with Constantine he issued the "
Together with Eights Coast, immediately to the east of Marie Byrd Land, it has an area of 1,610,000 km².
Together with her former NDT colleague Václav Kuneš and manager Ondřej Kotrč, in 2007 Novotná founded a contemporary dance ensemble 420PEOPLE, and acted as executive director of the ensemble until 2016.
Together with the Hellfire club this is one of the earliest known examples of theistic satanism.
Together with the new restaurant areas it has helped to get more young people to come.
Together with the Werra, its length is 730 km.
To get inside the bunker you had to enter through a secret passageway which was hidden under a grassy hill.
To get more passengers from the Washington area, the airport was renamed Baltimore/Washington International Airport in 1973.
To get the ink the writer had to grind the inkstick against an inkstone with some added water.
Togokhan's sister later came up to Speed and gave him an invitation to that year's Grand Prix.
To hack machines, the player will need to solve a puzzle.
To have two beams that are travelling in the synchrontron in opposite directions, they used particles with the same mass but with the opposite sign.
To his memory the new stand of 1924 was named "Hogan stand".
To Honour God: The Spirituality of Oliver Cromwell (Joshua Press), Excerpts from Cromwell's religious writings.
To impress the gods and goddesses, he made a set of golden thrones for them.
To know how much can be drawn out of nature, before it dies, is important.
Tokushima is a former castle town (joka-machi) of the Hachisuka clan.
Tokyo DisneySea is divided into seven themed ports.
Tokyo Express no longer has terminus on Guadalcanal.
Tokyo is about 300 kilometres further south.
Tolerance happens when it takes more of a drug to produce the same effect than a previous time.
To make more normal sounding speech for daily life speed of speech is increased.
") to make such a strong wave.
To make the city safe, the next day Polish soldiers entered Suwałki.
To make the trials more challenging, they put some creepy crawlies with them.
To make the writing system suitable for the Thai language, the Thai script added new letters and tone markers that would show the tone of a word.
Tom arrests Catwoman and takes her into custody.
Tom Baker refused to play in it, so they used the old footage of the incomplete "Shada" episode to show him.
To measure something is to give a number to some property of the thing.
Tom forgives the two men who beat him as he dies, and they feel sorry and become Christians.
Tom Hoffarth, Dedes a 'hidden gem' in radio booth, LA Daily News, February 2, 2006 from 2005-2011.
Tom Murphy (23 February 1935 – 15 May 2018) was an Irish playwright.
Tommy Flowers worked at the Post Office Research Station at Dollis Hill in north-west London.
Tommy Thayer recorded one live album, Kiss Symphony: Alive IV (2003) and two studio albums with the band.
Tomorrow is Tuesday.
To move up levels, you must get more points by catching more unique mice.
To multiply two complex numbers is more complicated.
To native speakers, it is known only as Maya - "Yucatec" is a label linguists use to distinguish it from other Mayan languages (such as K'iche' and Itza' Maya).
Tonga maintained its sovereignty.
Tonio has enlisted so that he can marry Marie ("Ah, mes amis").
Tony George (Hulman's grandson) inherited the track.
Tony Lewis (21 December 1957 – 19 October 2020) was an English pop rock singer-songwriter and bassist.
Tool made its first album in 1992.
Tools have changed over time.
To practice synchronized swimming, athletes need a swimsuit for training, a black suit for the figure test and a routine suit for each routine competition that fits with the music.
Top: The gene is turned off.
To reach the point in time when an intragame rack is needed, the balls are played until only the cue ball and only one object ball remain on the table's surface.
Tore Halvorsen and William Kristoffersen are singers in the band, and William Kristoffersen also acts as a songwriter.
To remember old tradition, the Axel Springer press company built its new headquarters at Kochstraße again, right next to the Berlin Wall.
To rescue her, Harry battles Riddle and the monster he controls that is hidden in the Chamber of Secrets.
Tornadoes under EF5 label represent winds of 200 miles an hour or stronger.
Tornadoes were unlikely but possible.
Toronto Star, April 10, 1965, p. 31 (born 1943) is a Canadian actor.
Toros Rasguélénian, real name of R. Toros (12 December 1934 – 29 July 2020) was a French sculptor.
Torres used DW pedals for most of his career but not hardware or drums until 2013.
Tortilla Flat is a 1942 American romantic comedy movie.
To satisfy both the Iranian and British authorities, the couple were married three times, once in Iran and twice in the UK, in the Iranian Embassy as well as in a regular UK civil ceremony.
To short an asset means to bet that the asset will lose value, or that the current price is overvalued (higher than its supposed value).
To show this, a small letter is added to the end of the word.
To sing in English was to open up the chance of really wide popularity.
To stop future terrorist attacks, we have detained these people, and we have and will be questioning them to gather additional intelligence information.
To stop peptic ulcers people must use antacids and antibiotics, or a natural product.
"To That Woman, Who.
To the east and northeast of Scottsdale is the McDowell Mountain Range.
To the east of the basilica is the Piazza di San Pietro (St. Peter's Place).
To their surprise, the menorah stayed lit for eight days, which was seven more days than they expected.
To the left is a credenza (around 1300).
To the left, the small figure of Peter is kneeling at the edge of the lake with a fish he has caught.
To them, using more active verbs makes writing clearer and more interesting.
To the north of the island are the Ombai Strait, Wetar Strait, and the greater Banda Sea.
To the south is the situation of lower altitude (864.9 m).
"To the top of the porch!
To the World Bank, different nations all need the same "remedy of development".
To this day, he is seen as a role model for many teenagers age 13-25.
To this day, there is no proved way of stopping hailstorms.
To this day when the water is low enough visitors can still see the buildings where Stout used to be.
To this effect, they killed two Macedonian officers who had been roaming the city, and declared their independence from Macedonia.
Touch ID is the way of security for iPhones since 2013 when the iPhone 5S was announced, till the iPhone 8 came out which was the last iPhone with a home button.
Touchstone Television is a company that ended in 2007.
Toulouse-Lautrec has painted a figure so that its "silhouette" (outline) is important.
Toulouse-Lautrec: his complete lithographs and drypoints.
To understand the concept of a commodity, consider a chair.
Touohgakkan junior & senior high school is next to the city hall.
Tourism is important in Switzerland.
Tours last about two and a half hours and are by reservation only (call or email).
To use the system, one had to put one's face close to the system so that each eye could see only one screen.
Towanda was created in 1870. citation citation It was incorporated in 1905. citation Towanda is an Osage-language name meaning "many waters".
Toward defining the preclinical stages of Alzheimer's disease: recommendations from the National Institute on Aging-Alzheimer's Association workgroups on diagnostic guidelines for Alzheimer's disease.
Toward Freedom the story is about two young people who live in an old and closed cinema.
Toward Resolution?: The Falklands/Malvinas Dispute, ed. Wayne S Smith (Boulder, CO: Lynne Rienner Publishers, 1991), p. 48 Spain discovered and captured Port Egmont in 1770.
Toward the end of Caroline's life, she arranged two-and-a-half thousand nebulae and star clusters into zones of similar polar distances.
To weaken the Empire, her enemies (
Towers and other structures protect this building.
To win an NBA championship, a team needs to win four rounds.
Town councils celebrate by decorating streets and squares, and providing Christmas entertainment for shoppers.
"Town" means the Cambridge locals while "
Town Planning Report - Jaffa and Tel Aviv, p. 40. Interestingly Geddes provides little more than this style recommendation in his planning report.
Towns have fewer than 1,000 people.
Towns on the island are referred to as "districts".
To work properly, the clutch must have traction.
Toy poodles have a hard time swimming, but they love the water and swimming is a good exercise for them.
Toypurina is famous because she represents Native American female resistance to European rule.
Traces of catastrophe: a handbook of shock-metamorphic effects in terrestrial meteorite impact structures.
Tracked Rapier has been replaced by Starstreak missile launchers.
Trackways are preserved at the Joggins Fossil Cliffs.
Tracy S. Letts (born July 4, 1965) is an American playwright, screenwriter, and actor.
Trade unionism eventually became accepted as a fact of life by British governments and employers – but with much struggle.
Traditional Kyoto food often uses vegetables.
Traditionally a horse breeding area, Shingō is also known for its cattle ranches.
Traditionally from the Cambridgeshire area they were fronted by Oliver Haylock and his half sister Emmly.
Traditionally it is grilled over pinecones and served in a bread roll (Brötchen).
Traditionally, soups are classified into two main groups: clear soups and thick soups.
Traditionally, the larger cities tend to lean to the left while those in the rural countryside lean farther right.
Traditionally the loudest support for the club came from the Gallowgate End - a stand in St. James' Park.
Tragically, Burgess, who was about 20 years old, died a few months later.
Trainers catch Pokémon and teach them to fight.
Trains on lines 2, 6, 7 and 9 have eight cars, on lines 3, 8, 10 seven cars and on lines 4, 5 and 11 six cars.
Trains on the Nuremberg –
Trains to Cardiff usually continue past the city and end at Barry Island or Bridgend.
Traitors to their lords and benefactors are completely buried in ice in various positions.
Traits vary greatly in how much they owe to heredity (
Trams first came into use in the 1890s, when they replaced horsecars--streetcars drawn by horses.
Transportation of abalone is only legal while the abalone is still attached to the shell.
Transportation regulations require potentially explosive chemicals, fuels, and pressurized containers to be transported safely.
Transportation to and from Sartell is limited to surface roads, mainly U.S. Highway 10 and Minnesota Highway 15 which both pass along the outskirts of the city.
Transport Canada stated that over 33,000 passengers on 224 flights arrived in Canada, while NAV CANADA stated that there were 239 flights.
Transposing by intervals is the a better way of transposing, but when people transpose they sometimes also transpose the notes the first way, one by one.
Trash bags or Trash liners usually come in different colors.
Traveling support is significant and it is estimated that 1,500 members of the Timbers Army would make the trip north for the Timbers v. Sounders Cascadia Cup match in October 2012.
Travel is the activity of going from one place to another place.
Tr. by Henri Maspero, 1981, Taoism and Chinese Religion, tr. by Frank A. Kierman Jr., University of Massachusetts Press, p. 402. checkMing then sent people to Tianzhu (Southern India) to learn more.
Trechak thought that the Writers Guild of America strike made the quality of the episode worse.
Trees are even used as bars, barns, wine and beer shops and more.
Trees are similar to people.
Trehafod primary school is a school for ages 3 to 11 with 8 year groups.
Trends in antinuclear protests in the United States, 1984-1987.
Trenton produced clay products, iron, and steel.
Trianel power plant in Hamm-Uentrop.
Tribes had been divided in their attitudes toward Mahdism, religious brotherhoods had been weakened, and orthodox religious leaders had vanished.
Trible served only one term and did not seek reelection in 1988.
Tribuneindia.com. Retrieved on 6 April 2011.
Tricycles are available for 24 hours.
Trier is a main figure in the international art film and has been the prime mover behind the boom of Danish films from the 1990s, especially because of his central role in Dogme 95.
Trier's next film, Breaking the Waves (1996), was not a dogma movie, but the intense melodrama of sexuality and religiosity was narrated with troubled handheld camera and led to an international breakthrough.
Trikala is crossed by Litheus river.
Trimming a bullnose is a special challenge as the last riser above the lower floor is rounded.
Trinity was founded in 1872 on land purchased from the New York and Texas Land Company.
Tristan and Isolde can now tell one another they are madly in love.
Trojan Quest: Players can pick between four heroes, each with a different weapon, to kill enemy skeletons and evil monsters.
Trollius laxus is a perennial found predominantly in forested wetlands with cold alkaline groundwater.
Troops are storming the weakened castle.
Tropical cyclones moving into this region from the Australian Region are renamed by the Sub-Regional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Center in Mauritius; however tropical cyclones moving into the Australian region do not get renamed.
Tropical Depression Two started on July 2. The depression made landfall in Tecolutla, Mexico early the next morning.
Tropical Storm Alberto formed on May 19, 2012.
Tropical Storm Helene weakened fast over land.
Tropical Storm Ivan moved to the west and on September 5 it became a hurricane.
Troubadours would go from town to town playing love songs.
Trouble is My Business, Vintage Books a division of Random House, Inc., 1988 pp. "About the Author"
Troy was incorporated as a city in 1860. citation The first post office in Troy was created in March 1857.
Trucks are 24% of all traffic.
Trulli had passed Hamilton while behind the safety-car.
Truman was married to Clifton Daniel from 1956 until his death in 2000.
Trump also proposed banning Muslims from entering the United States, an idea that many Republicans criticized as unconstitutional.
Trump became his party's front-runner against many candidates in the Republican primary, defeating Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Marco Rubio, and Ohio Governor John Kasich among other candidates.
Trusteeship agreement and instead requested the right to annex it as a fifth province.
Trying to solve this problem Dudley started offering "a course study suited to the ability and needs of students."
Try to fit the entire sushi into your mouth when eating.
Tsen Chun-hsuan (Cen Chunxuan) and his brothers are mentioned in an article about their father Tsen Yu-ying (Cen Yuying), Governor-General of Yunnan-Guizhou, and their family history.
Tshering announced his 10 cabinet ministers on 3 November 2018.
Tthe times and temperatures are not enough to effectively destroy all microorganisms.
Tuberculosis used to kill over half the people who were infected.
Tubman took care of a younger brother and a baby.
T.U.F.F. Puppy was an American television that aired on Nickelodeon in the United States from October 2, 2010 to April 4, 2015.
Tuition is free and is a hot political commitment even at the university.
Tundras do not get very much rain or snow.
Tuol Sleng was just one of at least 150 torture and execution centers created by the Khmer Rouge.
Tupac Hualpa was the last Inca ruler.
Turgenev went to the University of Moscow for one year and then moved to the University of Saint Petersburg, where he studied Classics and Russian Literature.
Turing had the idea of the 'bombe', a mechanical computer.
Turkey and the EU agreed not to put a lot of tax on what they buy and sell to each other.
Turkey killed most of the Greek army as the Greeks tried to regain parts of Turkey.
Turner still supported wrestling, but Time Warner didn't and in the end WCW was bought out by the World Wrestling Federation who shut it down.
Turning it the other way pushes the concrete out.
Turning the screw to the right makes it go into the wood.
Turonek began his active historical researches into the Belarusian national movement of the early 20th century, Polish-Belarusian relations in the 20th century, and the history of the Roman Catholic Church.
Turpin was born in Hempstead, Essex.
TUSEM Essen is the most important club in Essen.
Tuskegee also became his first album since 1986 to be certified as platinum (more than 1 million copies sold) by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Tutal also called for freedom for Bangladeshi writer and publisher, Shamsuzzoha Manik.
Tuttle was described by Senator Leahy as "the distilled essence of Vermonthood".
Tuvalu is getting smaller.
TWA changed their 307s to C-75s in January 1942.
Twelve homes were damaged.
Twelve O'Clock High is a 1949 war movie that was produced by Darryl F. Zanuck and was directed by Henry King.
Twelve of the album's fifteen songs feature other musicians.
Twelve pages long and a quarter of an inch thick, this board edition book had dimensions of 7.25 x 6.00 inches.
Twelve partners are available to use.
Twelve percent said the Taliban insurgency was to blame.
Twenty are known to have died in the attack.
Twenty Emmys were awarded to writers, actors, and crew members.
Twenty-five people died in this wildfire.
Twenty years of haunting eidetic imagery: where's the ghost?
Twitter worked well approximately 98% of the time in 2007.
Two are for fundamental research ("the advancement of natural knowledge") in the physical and biological sciences).
Two Boats School is the only school on the island and provides education to all resident children 3½–16 years old.
Two British Rail Class 58s at Barrow Hill Engine Shed.
Two companies called Square Co., Ltd. and Enix combined to form Square Enix.
Two competitors stood out: Scotsman Launceston Elliot and Viggo Jensen of Denmark.
Two comuni have less than 100 inhabitantsː Montebello sul Sangro with 92 inhabitants, and Montelapiano with 83 inhabitants.
Two days later Ernesto dissipated without affecting any land.
Two families were separated later, the Cisticolidae and the Regulidae.
Two fetuses found buried in his tomb may have been his twin daughters who would have continued the royal lineage, according to a 2008 investigation.
Two governors serving non-consecutive terms.
Two large parties merged in 2001 to form United Russia.
Two lions function as the holders of the shield.
Two major Japanese sport events happen in Chiba each year: the International Chiba Ekiden and the Chiba International Cross Country.
Two moons were claimed to be discovered by different astronomers but never seen again.
Two of his greatest symphonies were produced in 1806: Symphony No. 5 and Symphony No. 6 "Pastorale".
Two of the authors that did this were Marie Doležalová and Alois Stanislav Novák.
Two of the children are with Keough.
Two of their most successful songs are "Ai uta" and "Kiseki".
Two of these no longer exist.
Two of these places will store the block as it is, the third will store a checksum.
Two of these planes fly directly into the two towers of the World Trade Center, causing both towers to collapse.
Two of the three counts - mail fraud and racketeering - were later overturned.
Two of the Wildcat pilots, Ensign John Drayton Baker from VF2 squadron on Lexington and Leslie L. Knox from VF42 on Yorktown, were killed in action.
"Two of Us" was originally a hard rock song.
Two or more people use sticks (called cues) to make one ball (the cue ball) hit other balls.
Two other Lion King songs were also nominated: "
Two other notable newspapers are the Cherokee Scout and the Towns County Herald.
Two reasons are suggested.
Two Rohingya refugees have tested positive for coronavirus in the world's largest refugee camp in Bangladesh, officials say."
Two samples of the same type of rock may have different kinds of minerals in them.
Two seasons dominate Maldives' weather: the dry season associated with the winter northeastern monsoon and the rainy season which brings strong winds and storms.
Two similar cities are mentioned in this book - Akanis and Akahim.
Two singles have been released, "Anything Goes" and "I Can't Give You Anything but Love".
" Two singles were released from the album.
Two stars signifying the winning of the two European cups in 1983 were introduced over the badge in the 2005–06 season.
Two teams were founded in Craiova in the year 1921: Craiovan Craiova and Rovine Griviţa Craiova.
Two theories may not be comparable if one cannot find a way to compare them and decide which is right.
Two-thirds of the sea is covered in ice in winter.
Two weeks later, "Hanggang sa Huli" debuted at number 16 in Billboard's LyricFind U.S. chart while also debuting at number 4 in the chart's global version.
Two years after starting to work at his father's shop, he went to work at his brother James' printing shop.
Two years after Watership Down was published, Adams became a full-time author.
Two years later after months of submitting and fine-tuning Sean’s work, West finally wanted to sign Big Sean to GOOD Music.
Two years later, he became Portugal's full captain.
Two years later, he became the party's leader.
Two years later he won a silver medal in the team time trial at the 1966 UCI Road World Championships.
Two years later Munjong died, and Munjong's son Danjong was crowned.
Two years later, they started colour television programmes on the first channel too.
Two years later, while on a walk with Madame, Babar is shocked to discover Arthur and Celeste, who have left the Great Forest in search of him.
Tyldesley, p.124 Davis gave it to the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.
Tyler Cowen, economist, has said that nations receiving the most aid from the Marshall Plan (
Tyler is happy his father is spending time with Caroline.
Type 4 was available to IJA forces after 1915.
Type I is concentrated towards the edge of the ring where it provides greater strength.
Typically Earth scientists will use tools from physics, chemistry, biology, chronology and mathematics to understand how the Earth system works, and how it evolved to its current state.
Typically rear projection was used to keep the lantern out of sight.
Typically these cats were derived from the Siamese.
Typical of farmer fizzes, the grower rosés are utterly sui generis—in a few cases almost freakishly so."
Typical sea urchins have spines that are convert in length, convert thick, and not terribly sharp.
Typographic design: form and communication.
Tyrosine can be synthesized in the body from phenylalanine.
UConn (Connecticut) became the Big East's first public school in July 2020.
Uday was known to go into parties and pick out women whom he would later rape.
Ueber den feinern Bau und die Formen der krankhaften Geschwülste (On the structural details of malignant tumors).
U.E.E.N.” at the Soul Train Awards.
UEI was a group of small to medium-sized technology companies.
Uenuku wandered the world searching for his wife.
"U Got the Look" was released in 1987.
UKIP came third in the May 2015 general election, after the Labour Party and the Conservative Party.
Ulama uses temporary courts, made by drawing thick lines in the dirt.
Ultimately, Landon easily won.
Ultimate reasons for these migrations could include drought, developments in warfare/weaponry, earthquakes or other natural disasters.
Ultraviolet light is subdivided into three main bands.
Ulysses (1922) has been called "a demonstration and summation of the entire Modernist movement".
Umberto II of Italy succeeds him.
UML and C++: a practical guide to object-oriented development.
Unable to defend itself, Maryland asked Liberia, its more powerful neighbor, for help.
Unbroken, based on the biography.
Uncle Tupelo split on May 1, 1994.
Uncontrolled variation is often associated with defective products, providing a data-driven means to identify problems and improve quality.
Under apartheid black people were treated the most badly.
Under Franco Foda this way was successful, and now Sturm is one of the top four teams in the league.
Under Germanicus, the Romans marched another army, with allied Germanic soldiers, into Germania in 16 AD.
Underground roots and stems can resist more the bad weather (
Under her direction, terror risk assessments were made public for the first time.
Under his guidance, the Crown bought land in South Kensington to establish educational and cultural institutions.
Under his leadership, the company pioneered processes for sanitary food preparation.
Under his rule, power was concentrated in the hands of a select few, and the people had no power to express their opinions or to select their public officials.
Under Ivan I the city replaced Tver as a political center of Vladimir-Suzdal and became the only collector of taxes for the Mongol-Tatar rulers.
Underpasses connect the station to both sides of the road.
Under Spanish control, the Aztec Empire did not exist any more.
Understanding apomixis: recent advances and remaining conundrums.
Understanding child abuse and neglect.
Under the baton of music director Sheng Hui, the 70-strong orchestra aspires to introduce Chinese orchestral music to an ever-broadening audience.
Under the Bielski partisans' protection, 1,236 Jews survived the war.
Under the British Raj, Wodeyar kings continued to rule a large part of Karnataka.
Under the Constitution of Mexico, the vice-president, the attorney general, the foreign minister and then the interior minister stood next in line to the presidency.
Under the current Constitution (adopted in 2008), the President is elected by popular (by many people) vote, for a period of four years.
Under the patronage of the Armenian Patriarchate, a school was opened, headed by Krikor Peshdimaljian, one of the leading intellectuals of the time.
Under the present-day grand place are the rests of the cityhall and the old belfry from ca 1260 that collapsed on the 30th October 1704.
Under the rules adopted by the same referendum, the president serves a maximum of two five-year terms.
Under these programs, the university welcomes a growing number of foreign students.
Under this law, the government got many powers, including the ability to arrest people and keep them in prisons without a trial.
UNESCO also began to protect the island in 1977.
UNESCO Long description of the Mausoleum of the first Qin Emperor.
Unexpected erections are involuntary and are normal.
Unfortunately, her husband was cruel to her.
Unfortunately, I lost my cousin at the hands of law enforcement.
Unfortunately, Johnny breaks his back and dies a week later.
Unfortunately, Ryan was killed; this was during the Jonestown massacre.
Unfortunately, they also killed many of the native New Zealand birds.
Unfortunately, they were forced to retreat, and their next attempt to penetrate into the heart of the Zone met with disaster.
Unger, Sanford J. 1975 FBI: an uncensored look behind the walls.
Unification joined together the many independent German states.
Unionists want to keep Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom and there are parties who are open-minded about the issue.
Union members and supporters of unions claim that they are necessary because the people that run companies want to pay as little as possible.
Union soldiers of the 27th Indiana Regiment found the bundle with the order.
Unit 1 is a 439 MW boiling water reactor (BWR3) constructed in July 1967.
United Kingdom Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
United States Environmental Protection Agency (2007) Carlson's Trophic State Index.
United States Food and Drug Administration.
United States of America.
United States Senate Historical Office.
Units of mass are used to measure the amount of matter in something.
University of California Press, Berkeley, CA.
University of California, Santa Barbara URL: http://www.nceas.ucsb.edu/%7Ealroy/lefa/Cope.html webarchive Retrieved, 2008-11-17.
University of Illinois Press, 2007.
University of Michigan Press, 2001.
University who sang in the college's chapel.
Unless something new comes to light that's credible and we need to look at, it's concluded."
Unlike alcohol, Cannabis testing is time consuming, expensive and cannot give accurate time of consuming and level of intoxication.
Unlike cognac or whisky, vodka is not usually matured in barrels, but bottled immediately.
Unlike Darwin, Wallace began his career as a travelling naturalist already believing in evolution.
Unlike games before, the way to win the levels in this game is not to find the end of the level; instead, Mario needs to find Power Stars by finishing missions in each course.
Unlike his two predecessors, Thant retired after ten years on speaking terms with all the big powers.
Unlike in a traditional tournament format, in a round robin competition, multiple players can tie for a particular placement.
Unlike in English, they can answer to a yes/no question only jes (yes) or ne (no).
Unlike Jefferson Davis, who did have military experience, Lincoln had almost none.
Unlike many other plays at this time, The Importance of Being Earnest's light story was not about serious social or political issues.
Unlike more famous cities such as Seoul or Busan, there is a single, homogeneous dominant culture in Daegu - Right-wing orthodox South Korean ultra-conservatives.
Unlike most animals’ eyes, the human eye’s sclera is pale.
Unlike other food allergies, rice allergy is relatively uncommon.
Unlike other heterokonts, their chloroplasts do not have fucoxanthin, which accounts for their lighter colour.
Unlike other libraries in Cuba at that time, the institute's library let people borrow books for reading outside of the library.
Unlike physical violence, there is no bloodshed and is not very obvious.
Unlike the book, the movie of Eragon is not liked by many people.
; Unlike the common English name John, the German pronunciation begins with a "y" sound.
Unlike the females, males do not hunt at tarantulas.
Unlike the modern notation, he would represent a universal quantification by writing a variable over a dimple in an otherwise straight line.
Unlike the previous seasons, season four was released in two volume DVDs.
Unlike the previous two works, the haori is a poor kimono and a cane.
Unlike the schooling they have done before, the courses at university are specialised.
Unlike the southern species, these stripes are sometimes broken.
"Unlike the theater actor, who gets to develop a character during.
Unofficially, its southern border is usually considered to begin south of the Mackay Region.
UN peacekeepers travel to troubled places in the world and try - sometimes successfully, sometimes not - to keep the peace.
Unrau, William E. Mixed Bloods and Tribal Dissolution: Charles Curtis and the Quest for Indian Identity, Norman: University of Okla Press, 1971: 72-75.
Unseld won an NBA championship with the Bullets in 1978.
Unsuccessful team - a group of people who have a very difficult time when attempting to complete a certain task.
Until 1867 it did only repairs and maintenance.
Until 1900 a steamboat called the Maid of Athens ran on the lake.
Until 1920, women were not allowed to take degrees at Oxford, although some women studied at Oxford before that time.
Until 1950 it served a line to Pickering.
Until 1953, the municipality was named Ascharina.
Until 1965, athletes of the NOC of East Germany had to join the German team represented by the NOC of (West) Germany.
Until 1977 the orchestra had no Music Directors.
Until 1993 Bilyy worked as the head of the company “Delta-comp” that specialized in food wholesale, afterwards – at the same position of “Tinga International Corp.” for another two years.
Until 1996, the world's tallest building was defined by the height to the top of the tallest architectural element, including spires but not antennae.
Until 2009 it was known as the British Association for the Advancement of Science (BA).
Until 26 March 2007, he was the Minister of the Interior of France.
Until about 1861, Napoleon's regime exhibited decidedly authoritarian characteristics, using press censorship to prevent the spread of opposition, manipulating elections, and depriving the Parliament of the right to free debate or any real power.
Until Berlin's 2001 administrative reform it was a separate borough including the locality of Friedenau.
Until December 14, France (and the United Kingdom and Ireland) were protected by a strong area of high air pressure that stretched from Africa to the British Isles.
Until February 1936, seasons of opera were presented until fire then destroyed everything except the front of the building.
Until he started school at the age of seven—when he made a complete, surprising recovery—Stoker was sick.
Until one defines "God" they might as well be saying "Fob".
Until that time slave traders had become very wealthy by transporting slaves.
Until the 1949–1950 season, only clubs from Vienna and Lower Austria played in the league.
Until the 1950s, the most common way of committing suicide in the UK was poisoning by inhaling coal gas.
Until the 19th century, the medical term was also generally Pomum Adami.
Until the infant's immune system is fully grown, it will not be able to fight off infections as well as an adult could.
Unusual for a duel of this kind, the two fired about 4–5 seconds apart.
Unusual for arranged marriages, the couple actually loved each other.
Unusual letters such as Q and Z are worth 10 points.
Unusually, some of the temporary track was wider than the final gauge - the section around Parracombe Bank for example, crossing the Heddon valley, was built to maincheck gauge, with an engine known as Winnie.
Unusually, the storm produced a funnel cloud in Oro-Medonte, Southern Ontario.
Upanishad means "sit down with" master to learn about the Atman(soul).
Update 2.11 contains different kinds of things to the additional Geometry Dash.
UPN discontinued its children's programming in 2003 after a deal with Disney.
Upon arriving, Aang's group is welcomed warmly by the citizens of the Northern Water Tribe.
Upon hearing reports of Becket's actions, Henry said things which were understood as wishing Becket killed.
Upon his death in 1959 the Government of Pakistan installed and recognised the Junagadh House in Karachi, 9th October 1991.
Upon his release he returned to private life and was a successful businessman until his death from cancer in 1993.
Upon its release the album received uniformly positive reviews from critics.
Upon Squanto's arrival, he discovered his people had been wiped out by disease; he was the sole survivor of the Paxutet people.
Upon studying French and other forms of Language similar formal language construct are present.
Upper Volta is even before independence, on August 5, 1960, under the yoke of his dictatorship.
UPSC is also responsible for traning and allocation of positions to its different selected candidates.
Up to 1,200 trains pass through the station every day.
Up to 150 filings have been signed.
Up to 50% of the volume inside of 253 Mathilde has open space.
Up until that moment nobody had any idea that measurements could not be forever made more and more precise and accurate.
Uranium-lead dating is applied to samples older than about 1 million years.
Urdă is produced by heating the whey resulting from the draining of any type of cheese.
Urey summarised his work in the book The planets: their origin and development (1952).
Usable weapons include bubble gum, meat cleaver, cups of water, moth balls, hammer, invisible ink and drill.
US, Australia, limited edition).
USB flash drives are used with devices found in homes, workplaces and schools.
USB flash drives have a lot of storage space.
US District Judge Collen Kollar-Kotelly rejected the petition, finding that non-US citizens in Cuba could not access or use US courts.
Use a capital B at the start of a sentence if you are trying to communicate.
Used as a ball room.
Used of team events or a series of games between two players.
Use of fibrates and statins at the same time makes rhabdomyolysis happen much more often.
Use of term continued in succeeding issues for full publication run of magazine.
Use of the Traditional brick-baking furnace or manually or pressure brick factory is very old in Persia.
Use Pp-move-indef to add pages to this category.
Users can look for the recipe they want to know.
Users can put words or numbers into the cells, to make headings and store information (usually numbers).
Users may also optionally register a free Pornhub account, which additionally allows them to post comments, download videos and add videos to their favourites, as well as upload videos themselves.
Users of Windows 7 can download this version from February 2013.
Users who log into the site may create videos by scripting the dialog and choosing from a menu of camera angles and predesigned characters and scenes.
Uses of RC4 in both software and hardware are extremely easy to develop.
Use to add pages to this category.
Using IBM® SPSS® Statistics: An interactive hands-on approach.
Using social learning is easier for the individual, but there is a risk of inaccuracy.
Using the pentatonic scale is a good way for children to make up their own tunes.
Using thermal energy storage systems, solar thermal operating periods can even be extended to meet base-load needs.
Using this colour format, the brightness is stored apart from the colour.
Using USB or Firewire may have other benefits though.
U.S. National Library of Medicine, 18 Nov. 0000.
U.S. rhetorical style: ethnocentric sources describe it as typically direct and relatively logical.
USS Warrington capsized with a loss of 248 men.
Usually 10-20% are never identified.
Usually, a full bath will have a toilet, a sink, a bathtub, and/or a shower.
Usually arranged as a ring of tables, with the master moving round inside, and the opponents outside.
Usually associated to the construction of complex systems.
Usually both male and female mosquitoes feed on nectar and plant juices.
Usually, factories are only profitable when they have access to "stranded gas".
Usually, in most ponds sunlight can reach to bottom.
Usually in Roman cities, the amphitheatres were built on the edge of the city.
Usually, it is a more powerful, richer country that takes control of a smaller, less powerful region or territory.
Usually, its made from cocoa powder.
Usually once a male has reached maturity, they become territorial and do not tolerate other males.
Usually, only 1-2 cubs survive until introduced to the pride, at which point they are protected by the whole pride.
Usually, people that are very sick are sent there.
Usually, the asker can't talk, but they can watch them discuss the question.
Usually the cases are based on claims about money, between individual people or between 'corporate entities'.
Usually, the design is like the regular home cap.
Usually the governments hope that conflicts get resolved soon, and that those camps are only temporary.
Usually their colors are dull, mostly they are brown, dark brown, or black.
Usually, the number has 3 digits.
Usually, the player begins with no equipment and must try to survive by making tools, making shelters and gathering resources.
Usually, there are no more than three years between elections in New Zealand.
Usually there are two limits, one for wines and beers, and the other for distilled alcoholic drinks.
Usually these include remaining on good behavior.
Usually, the sexes are separate.
Usually, the stem remains very short and the leaves are low to the ground, forming a rosette.
Usually the tribes are divided before the show starts, but some seasons have had one or more players choose the tribes after the game starts.
Usually, they are served cooked.
Usually this comes from their mothers.
Usually this means that an operator can give commands to a machine over a telephone wire, or wireless internet from far away, and the computer can report back with the measurements it takes.
Usually, this refers to the body's getting rid of a substance.
Usually, worship lasts about an hour.
Usually, zero (0) is placed in the middle of the line.
Utah is known for its natural diversity and is home to features ranging from arid deserts with sand dunes to thriving pine forests in mountain valleys.
Uttar Pradesh has a uniform rain pattern.
Uyanış: Büyük Selçuklu itself won the Anatolia Media Awards in 2020 citation while Konuk won the Crystal Globe Awards in the same year.
Uzbek belongs to the southeastern Turkic or Uyghur family of Turkic languages.
Vaaler was probably given a patent in other countries because patent laws in the 1800s were not as tough as they are today.
Vaccine refusal, mandatory immunization, and the risks of vaccine-preventable diseases.
Vader's team won the match.
Vajira Or Vajirakumari was daughter of the main queen of Pasenadi, Mallika.
Valencia won 3–0 on aggregate.
Vale Royal is not open for the public.
Vallabhacharya taught Shuddha (pure) Advaita (non-dualism), an interpretation of Vedanta that rejected asceticism and monastic life, suggesting that through loving devotion to God any householder could achieve salvation.
Valley had the same name, Licchavi.
Valley Heights Jr/Sr High School is halfway between the towns of Blue Rapids and Waterville.
Valve abandoned the realistic style when it became impossible to balance it with the unrealistic gameplay.
Van Buren passed the New York State Bar Exam in 1803, and became a lawyer.
Vancouver and Toronto have Korean-language newspapers, and Korean television and radio programs.
Vancouver has a mix of people from different cultures.
Vandegrift also removed several officers who did not meet his standards and promoted junior officers who had done well in the battles.
Vanderpool wrote the books Navigating Early, and Moon Over Manifest.
Vane was enraged and wanted to kill Keightley in revenge.
Vann Nath spoke stringly and asked his former torturers questions.
Vapor ideally contains almost no particulate matter or tar, and much less noxious gas such as carbon monoxide.
Various food contain tyramine such as aged cheeses, smoked fish, some kinds of beer.
Various types of Minié balls.
Varley, p. 143; Shomu was the first emperor to become a Buddhist priest; and Empress Komyo was the first empress to became a Buddhist nun.
Vartanian died on 25 November 2019 at the age of 93.
Vasari had the good luck to meet Michelangelo, who was like a great hero to Vasari.
Vasari tells us that as an adult Leonardo was a tall handsome man.
Vassiliades, Demetrios, "Greeks and Buddhism Historical Contacts in the Development of a Universal religion"The Eastern Buddhist, Vol. XXXVI, No. 1 & 2, Otani University, Kyoto 2005.
Vaughan Williams dedicated the piece to Butterworth's memory after his death.
Vector graphics are most often used for diagrams, and other things that can be described using simple shapes.
Vegetables other than greens may be used in a salad.
Vegetation is extremely sparse in Ladakh except along streambeds and wetlands, on high slopes, and in irrigated places.
Veins carry blood, so when a medication is given intravenously, it goes right into the bloodstream immediately.
Velociraptor was warm blooded and had feathers.
Venice has incredible crafts, culture, and tradition.
Venice is the see of a cardinal.
Ventenat is also credited with continuing the work on Jean Baptiste François Pierre Bulliard's Histoire des champignons de la France.
Venus Adept Himi is the daughter of Susa, who is a seer with powerful Psynergy.
Venus was composed and staged about the same time as Dido.
Vera and Stravinsky saw one another as much as possible for the next 18 years.
Verbs are words that describe actions: "Ryan threw the ball".
Vercingetorix's name in Gaulish means "over-king of the marching men"; the "marching men" would now be called "
Verdi Phefferkorn von Offenbach (26 February 1922 1 January 2021), better known as ‘Paatje Phefferkorn’, was an Indonesian-Dutch practitioner and mixed martial artist.
Verdi refused; he could not find a suitable plot.
Vere, as an old man, remembers Billy's burial at sea.
Vergeer had one final operation in March but still could not move her legs.
Version 2 of Linux, released on June 9, 1996, was a landmark.
Very big artillery strikes had also destroyed the ground surface.
Very few parts except for some minor chassis parts stayed unchanged.
; very few remain in the wild.
Very few single men worked on a farm alone.
Very little is known about him as a person.
Very often fire escapes are separate stairways, often outside the building.
Very often, the information is confusing and unfair.
Very often, these groups are very small.
Very rarely do artists get the opportunity to have as much uncensored creative freedom as I did at HBO on Spawn."
Vesākha or Vesak is a holy day.
Vessavaṇa's direction is the eastern quarter of the world.
VFA-106 Gladiators are in charge of training.
Vialva was executed on September 24, 2020, and Bernard was executed on December 10, 2020.
Vice Admiral Manohar Prahlad Awati, PVSM, VrC, (7 September 1927 4 November 2018) was the former Chief of India's Western Naval Command.
Victor Amadeus II was made King of Sicily in 1713 under the Treaty of Utrecht which ended the war.
Victor Fritz-Crone (born 31 January 1992), also known as Vic Heart, is a Swedish singer and guitarist.
Victor Hugo learned a lot from these travels.
Victoria had nine new cases.
Victoria saw the ladies as friends, and therefore refused.
Victoria was born on 14 July 1977 at Karolinska University Hospital in Solna.
Victor Jörgen Nilsson Lindelöf (born July 17, 1994) is a Swedish football player.
Victor says he'll pay her for the secret, but not until he's sure that she really knows it.
Video games that follow other video games in a series.
Video gaming in India is an emerging market.
View from the terrace.
View of ceiling and a "panj kaseh-i".
View of Princes Street from Calton Hill.
View of the Southern Cone at night, where there are population densities in the accumulation of light from cities.
View of the Three Cities from Valletta.
View over the walls of Krak des Chavaliers, near impenetrable crusaders' fortress.
Views of the group's actions and usefulness vary widely.
Vigie-Cratère is part of Vigie-Ciel.
Vijay and Hussey put on a 133-run first-wicket partnership that helped the Super Kings to post a total of 205/5.
Vilars is in the high valley Val de Ruz between Fenin and Saules.
Village West, has helped the economy in KCK and Wyandotte County grow.
Villa in Hütteldorf, which he restored and transformed.
Villechaize left a suicide note saying he was suffering over longtime health problems.
Villeneuve-d'Ascq has more than 65,000 people and attracts 50,000 students.
Villiers was the Minister of State for Transport from 2010 to 2012.
Viluppuram is named after a class of people known as "Vizhupparaiyar" (விழுப்பரையர்).
Vince grew into a hurricane before beginning to weaken at sea.
Vincent James Naimoli (September 16, 1937 August 25, 2019) was an American businessman and philanthropist.
Vincent's most popular song is “Be-Bop-A-Lula”.
Vincent van Gogh met Gauguin and invited him to live with him so that they could share their ideas about paintings.
Violet and Kevin begins a relationship.
Vionnet influenced the design of mass production prét à porter (ready to wear) clothing.
Virginia was the first English child ever born in the Americas.
Virginia Woolf: the impact of childhood sexual abuse on her life and work.
Virgin Interactive was a British video game publisher.
Virtue and Moir are known for their artistry, musicality, and grace on the ice.
Viscosity is how hard it is for the fluid to move or flow.
Visionary fiction engages our imaginations and hearts, and guides our hands as organizers."
Visitors can create their own original Japanese paper.
Visitors can no longer operate the mechanism.
Visitors can see the historical and archaeological exhibition, folk performances, booths of products, entertaining activities, and light and sound show.
Visitors come to see the gardens in the palace grounds, the exotic birds which roam freely in the grounds, Moot Hill, which lies in the grounds, as well as the palace itself.
Visits fell eighty percent.
Vitellius showed his violent nature by ordering the torture and execution of those who dared to make such demands.
Vitellius wants revenge against Titus.
Víti has a green lake inside of it.
Vitoria-Gasteiz is a very old city.
Vitruvius considered both types of wall construction as Greek, emphasizing that "both kinds are strong".
"Viviras Selena", which is a tribute song, was released in March 1997.
Vladimir Kokkinaki, Russian test pilot (d.
Vladimir Nabokov, The Art of Fiction No. 40. The Paris Review.
Vladivostok was founded on 2 July 1860.
Voicebanks for Vocaloid are made by recording samples of singers.
Voinovich took an aggressive approach after many people thought Cleveland was a bad place to be in. He reversed a defensive attitude projected by the Cleveland media, going to "war.
Vojtěch Jasný (30 November 1925 – 15 November 2019) was a Czech director.
Volcanic structures, recently and presently established, formed during the Holocene epoch.
Volpiano had already built the Abbey of Fécamp, in Normandy.
Volterra did this by adding new terns to the equation.
Von Brauchitsch later handed it back to Caracciola after suffering the same problem.
Von Moltke died on 29 or 30 July 2019 in Nieder-Olm, Germany at the age of 83. https://www.
Vonnegut said the result of the attack was complete destruction and death that nobody could understand.
V. On September 20, another hurricane hit Dominica, causing an additional 165 deaths.
Voters vote for one candidate, and the candidate with the most votes wins.
Votes for Women: the story of a struggle.
Voting is when a group of people decide something by saying what they want.
Voting was open to all, but only those who pre-ordered the game through Gamestop will get the winning outfit, the "Deadly Assassin".
Voting will conclude immediately after the end of the regular season.
Vowels are underdone, for there are about 20 vowel sounds in most English accents.
"Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea."
Vroman was born in Laguna, California.
Vsevolozsky thought another ballet based on a children's story would be just as successful as The Sleeping Beauty.
Vuflart, Albert & Bourin, Henri, Les Portraits de Marie-Antoinette; I, L'Archiduchesse, 1909, p. 35 though she had a long, graceful neck.
Vulgar Latin was the more common spoken variety used by the common Romans and was learned by the peoples conquered by the Romans.
VW's as they are commonly known, have also entered the off road segment with cars like the Touarag, and the commercial segment with the Touran.
Vyankatesh Madgulkar's grandfather and the earlier generations had lived off the land.
Vygotsky believed the inclusion of sign systems from a child's culture changes behavior and connects early and later forms of individual development.
Vygotsky saw this as the starting point for all mental developments.
Wacht am Rhein was renamed Herbstnebel after the operation was approved in early December.
Wade Barrett went on to face John Cena at Hell in a Cell.
Wade may have been engaged to marry Johnston Hastings "Jack" Skelly.
Wagner also made tours across Germany to get money for it.
Wagner began revisions at once.
Wagner had very personal ideas about how his operas should be performed, and he liked to train the singers himself.
Wainaina was born in Nakuru.
Wai was killed leading an assault against the last Japanese pillbox in the area.
Waldo High School closed in 1964, and Waldo Grade School closed in 1979.
Walgren was appointed to the Washington House of Representatives in November 1966 and served the remaining term in 1966.
Walker got the idea of a lava lamp from seeing what is now called a "blob light", a mix of oil and water heated by a lightbulb at the bottom.
Walker was a weekend sportscaster during the off-season during his later years as a Detroit Lion.
Wallace's family said he was having a mental health crisis.
Wallace thought that natural selection could not account for mathematical, artistic, or musical genius, as well as metaphysical musings, wit and humour.
Wallace was mad for being fouled when the game had been already decided.
Wallis Simpson was not strong.
Wallpapers can come either plain (so that it can be painted), or with pictures or patterns.
Walsh was a dual international.
Walter Garnet Picart Chambers wrote the music.
Walter Krivitsky, the most senior Red Army intelligence officer ever to defect, described it in detail in his 1939 autobiography (I was Stalin's agent).
Walton has been writing since she was 13. Her first novel was published in 2000.
Waltz music is written in 3/4 time (three beats per bar).
Walz apologized to CNN, and said publicly that Jiminez and his crew had only been doing their jobs and acting within their rights.
Wanda goes missing before a "Secret Probation Hearing" and Timmy and Cosmo try to find her.
Wang became a successful general and was known for the strict discipline he forced on his troops.
Wang Chongyang, Chinese Daoist and co-founder of the Quanzhen School (d.
Wang Jianlin (Chinese: 王健林; born 24 October 1954) is a Chinese billionaire businessman, investor, and philanthropist.
Waning crescent earth seen from the moon.
Warband adds to the Mount and blade by introducing another faction to the game and also allows players to use political options, and allows the player to start their own faction.
Ward reunited with Sabbath members Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler to accept the "Lifetime Achievement" award at the May 2015 Ivor Novello Awards.
Ward went to the station and rescued his family, and took gunpowder and food.
Warframe is designed to be free-to-play.
Warham, J. (1990) The Petrels - Their Ecology and Breeding Systems London:Academic Press.
Warlimpirrnga tried to attack them, but Freddy West was able to calm him by showing him how they were related.
Warlimpirrnga was born in the late 1950s.
Warner Brothers gave him almost full artistic control on all of the movies he was to make in the future.
Warner played very well in the 2001 season.
Warner ran a consulting firm called Corporate Education Consulting after leaving public office.
Warren Court focused on civil rights and personal rights.
Warren Frost (June 5, 1925 – February 17, 2017) was an American actor.
Warren "Pete" Moore (November 19, 1939 – November 19, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter and record producer.
Warriors of the Rising Sun: A History of the Japanese Military.
Warts contain tissue that bleeds easily.
Washington also infiltrated men into New York in an attempt to kidnap Arnold; this plan, which very nearly succeeded, failed when Arnold changed living quarters prior to sailing for Virginia in December.
Washington was drafted out of the University of Nebraska by the Baltimore Ravens with the 23rd pick in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft.
Wash to fly down to the planet.
" was Kelly's second UK No.1.
" was made in Gangnam District.
Wasps do not usually sting something unless it bothers them first.
" was released as Artpop' s lead single and reached number 4 in the US and Canada, while peaking within the top ten around the world.
Was rescued by the Rossbach Freikorps.
" was the first episode made in the season.
" was used by James M. Buchanan as a name for a new academic sub-discipline.
Watermills can be divided into two kinds, one with a horizontal waterwheel on a vertical axle, and the other with a vertical wheel on a horizontal axle.
Water moves from the basin to Balqash via seven rivers.
Water pours on to the wheel causing it to spin.
Water, sewage, and trash are done of the city government.
Water voles usually live along rivers.
Watson discovered that Albert was scared of the sound of a hammer hitting a steel gong with a hammer.
Watson has received 19 honorary doctorates.
Watts was born in Fountain, Colorado.
Watts was married to Gracie Biggers from 1950 until her death in 1990.
Wave motions transfer energy from one place to another.
WayBack Machine holds archive here The extent to which Cromwell, who was in direct command for the first year of the campaign, was responsible for the atrocities is debated to this day.
Wayfarer means wanderer, and the book's title implied that masts are on a spiritual journey.
Wayne Fitzgerald (March 19, 1930 – September 30, 2019) was an American main title designer.
Weak tornadoes are often seen in the Piedmont, but only 140 people have died by tornadoes from 1950-2012 in the entire state.
We all make choices everyday, from what we are going to have for breakfast to whether we drive or walk to work.
Wealth in the South often reflected how many slaves a planter owned.
Weapons and other kinds of military technology remained largely static through the Revolutionary and Napoleonic eras, but 18th century operational mobility underwent significant change.
"We are concerned at the Iranian actions, which detract from efforts to get a genuine peace process underway.
We are nothing in comparison, nothing".
We assume, quite correctly, that the trajectory of the automobile will not be noticeably changed when we drop a marker on the ground and click a stopwatch at the same time to note the car's position in time and space.
Weather Center Live formally launched as Weather Center on March 2, 2009.
Weathering occurs in one place with little or no movement, and should not be confused with erosion which is when rocks and minerals are moved to another place by ice, water, wind or gravity.
Webb had 54 tackles (47 alone), 9 passes knocked down, and 2 interceptions in the 2010 regular season.
Webbville's important citizens moved to Marianna and the L&N Railroad decided to bypass the town.
Webcam cache: It is not a typical cache where the geocacher has to find a hidden box with a logbook.
Weber was born into an academic background, with his father serving as a professor at the University of Wittenberg.
Web shell of size 15 bytes.
Website: Bartleby, Great Books Online.
Website: New York Times (Books).
Websites also advise changing a password once a year or more often to prevent hacking.
Websites like "Equestria Daily" and "Ponychan" have been created to share stories, artwork, and news about the show.
Webspinners are a small group of mostly tropical and subtropical insects.
We call this restricting the domain.
We can aim the light source at a piece of photographic film, let the light source make one photon, and then develop the photographic film.
We can also use ⊂ if it is a proper subset.
"We can control the magnetism in just a narrow range of temperature without applying a magnetic field.
"We can do worse things than kill you," they replied.
We can make Q because we have P. All we need to do is to tell Q to create a new program that is the old program looking at itself, and then use P to find out if the new program runs forever or not.
We can say polka dots are her trademark.
We can then say that any two even integers added together give an even integer.
We can use honey present in honeycombs as remedy for cough etc.
We can use mathematics to tell exactly where the bright bands will be and how bright the light was that made them, that is, we can tell ahead of time how many photons will fall on each band.
We could sit as we were and proceed to sue Her Majesty in her Courts under the claim which we had lodged.
We decided to reach into the bag based off of our brain giving us a signal to reach in this way, and the marbles themselves being arranged in a certain way.
"We did not win this election, Rouda said.
We did something wrong, and we need to find out what it was.
We do not know the answer to the question yet.
We do not know the name of the bodyguard.
"We do not see ourselves as a destructive force, but we are."
We don't know much about who Nahum was.
We don't yet know why they sing, it might be to call a female or scare away other males.
Weeks later, police arrested another person called Rudy Guede.
"We felt that this was the only way to give Lost a proper creative conclusion," McPherson said.
We find yellow-red colours along the top edge, and blue-violet colours along the bottom edge.
We have been playing for two hours and we are still playing this bloody tune!”
Weight loss is when a person weighs less than before.
Wei is also the Chairman of the Overseas Chinese Democracy Coalition and the Chairman of the Wei Jingsheng Foundation.
We know very little about what people thought about him during his life, although after his death many people admired his music.
Welch confessed that her marriage was nearly ruined because of her mental illness, as well as an affair she had during her depression.
Welding that uses flux is easier to do outside when it is windy.
Wellington College International Shanghai will open in August 2014.
Wellington is the second largest city in New Zealand.
"Well, it's a very rough, very violent era.
Well-known events using "home-made" mortars include the 1985 Newry mortar attack.
Well-known poems include "My Shadow", "The Swing", and "The Land of Counterpane".
Wells Beach is in Wells.
Wells can be drilled into underground reservoirs for the generation of electricity.
Wells that were thought to have water that would cure people were called "treacle wells".
Welsh and English are both official languages in Wales.
Welsh smoked two packets of cigarettes a day, which gave her voice a quality that sound effects creator Ben Burtt liked.
We might think that he wisely cut the activities of the Roman Empire to a careful minimum.
Wendy Carlos (born Walter Carlos, November 14, 1939 AllMusic template missing ID and not present in Wikidata.
"Wendy Coakley-Thompson: Back to Life is my first published novel.
Wendy Mass currently lives in Sparta New Jersey with her husband Michael, their twins Chloe and Griffin, and their two cats.
We notice that it takes 15 minutes before all the sugar is dissolved.
We now find ourselves on the receiving end.
We really need to take stock and focus our energy towards those in our lives that matter.
', were created to exercise functions under democratic control.
Were Lenz's law not true, an increase in current in a coil would result in an emf that aided the applied battery, thus increasing the current further, inducing more emf and further increases in the current, ad infinitum.
" were used until 616 AD.
Werner von Trapp, one of the von Trapp family singers (b.
We say they are '
We shall refer to this situation.
We should create a world of pure relativism, where morality and religion are strictly relative to each person's individual notion of reality itself.
"We show that David's version of the history of the market's rejection of Dvorak does not report the true history, and we present evidence that the continued use of Qwerty is efficient given the current understanding of keyboard design".
Wesley earned extra money by giving music lessons.
Westerfield is a small village north of Ipswich and the station is situated on the south side of the village.
Westerlund 1-26 is a star.
Western Historical Company.
Western Visayas consists of the islands of Panay and the western half of Negros; it has a population, in 2010, of 7,102,438.
West has called the U.S. a "racist patriarchal" nation where "white supremacy" continues to define everyday life.
We still find that HDDs are still dominating the market.
West India Docks was primarily developed by Robert Milligan (c. 1746–1809) who set up the West India Dock Company.
West is on the Board of Directors of the International Bridges to Justice, among others.
Westmeath is known as the lakeland county.
West used this as an opportunity to re-assess the album and improve it.
We support Israel’s right to defend itself against any incursions into its territory.
Weta's Matt Aitken said the process of animation was "split into two steps".
Wet beriberi mainly affects the cardiovascular system.
We think the same factors which act today also acted in the past.
We use special tools to transfer, use, and store aluminium-26.
"We've moved: 2550 W. Union Hills Dr. Ste. 202 Phoenix, AZ 85027" and "ReachOut Healthcare America 1904 W. Parkside Ln, Suite 201 Phoenix, AZ 85027" Under the name "Big Smiles," Alltucker, Ken.
We worked hard to get all the science right."
What an airbag wants to do is to slow the passenger's speed to zero with little or no damage.
"What are all these famines in Ethiopia?
What did he do for Tibet?
Whatever land was left was sold to white settlers, which made the reservations even smaller.
Whatever makes it turn, the generator converts this energy into electrical energy.
Whatever That Is".
Whatever the case, in this belief system, Jesus is beneath God, but higher than humans (and has always been so).
What genes are used can also change over time.
What happens because Bill wants to learn more?
What he did was to collect sea animals, and study them.
"What Is Wordnet?"
What people liked the most about the ballet was Bakst's sets and costumes.
What seems to have happened is this.
What should the doctor say?
What states existed before nation-states?
What the agencies discover is called "intelligence".
What this is saying is that, in practice, the biological species concept is not sufficient by itself to decide on the classification of animals.
What this means is: a small number colonised Tasmania from Australia at some stage.
What this means is that there is not very much scandium found in the earth.
What this means is that weaker values should be for the weaker people but not for the nobler people.
What those sayings mean is that both people have to agree on what to do.
What Will the Neighbours Say?
W.H. "Chip" Gross, Young Beginner's Guide to Shooting and Archery (Minneapolis, MN: Creative Publishing International, 2009), p. 60 New shooters learn to hold the gun firmly to reduce and control recoil.
Whedon, Firefly Companion, Vol 1, 6 Whedon wanted to have a show that was about when life was physical and things did not come easy to people.
Wheels of Pierre Robert are physically shorter (due to loss of moisture), yet creamier than the regular-aged Brillat-Savarin.
Wheezing is usually high-pitched.
When a baby has learned that it is loved and that it will be taken care of if it cries, it usually grows up to be a person who expects other people to be nice.
When a black hole passes between us and a source of light, the light bends around the black hole creating a mirror image.
When a conflict breaks out, all Grangerford males are killed.
When a Connecticut militia force arrived at Ticonderoga in June, he had a dispute with its commander over control of the fort, and resigned his Massachusetts commission.
When a disease in 2013 killed most of the starfish on the Pacific coast, there were many more purple sea urchins left.
When a disk fails, data can directly be copied onto the hot spare disk.
When a Heartless steals someone's heart, that person also becomes a Heartless, but if their heart is strong, it becomes a Nobody.
When a hose is turned up the hose will snake around unless it is held still.
When air speed increases again, the pilot can level the wings and pull up to return the aircraft to normal flight.
When Alcorn was still alive, conversion therapy was still legal in Ohio.
When Aldington first published his novel, he removed or changed a number of sentences in order to make sure the book was published.
When a mal reaches a circle that is already occupied by a mal of an opposing team, the mal of the opposing team is captured by the new mal, and must restart from the starting point.
When a man with this disease has an erection, his penis is very curved.
When a musician was ill Juan would sing instead.
When an application accesses a block it is also very likely to access (or reference) a block that is "close" to the original block.
When an IV drug user injects drugs into their veins over and over again, they can damage their veins.
When an object is written to disk, a RAID storage device will usually be writing all copies of the object in parallel.
When an offspring observes the expression of behaviour such as fear in response to a stress stimulus, the same response would be elicited in the offspring when the stimulus is presented.
When Anthony is happy he says “Wahoo!”
When a person allows his trousers to sag, the waistband or a larger part of his underpants can be seen.
When a person is brain dead, there is no activity in any part of their brain.
When a person is missing a physiological need, the body will naturally want the missing need.
When a person travels into one state, he gets all of the rights that state gives to people that live there.
When a player enters a tournament, he pays an entry fee called the "buy-in."
When a player passes by the Bank Space, they have to pay five coins.
When a presidential candidate wins the most votes in a state, all of those state's electoral votes go to that person.
When asked about this in an interview, Lee responded "You have to look at all of that as just press.
When asked who she was interested in collaborating with, Lee chose Depeche Mode, Danny Elfman and Daft Punk.
When, at ancient universities, the professor had completed his lecture, there would be a disputation.
When at La Parva, they lived at the Ski Chile Hotel in Farellones.
When attacked by Russian soldiers, both families fought against the enemy.
When Attila died in 453, it was the downfall of the Huns' power.
When a Turing machine is started, a word (out of the working-alphabet) must be present on the infinite tape of the machine.
When a variable is independent, it is not affected at all by any other variables.
When a woman chants the Kundalini Bhakti mantra, God clears the way.
When a woman experiences a painful sexual act, the pain may distract her from feeling pleasure and excitement.
When Baloo arrives for a visit, Mowgli leaves with him to go back to the jungle.
When Bashar's father died, the government changed the constitution.
When bought from kebab shops it usually comes with salad or french fries.
When Carlsen became the fourth best player in the world he reached an agreement with a public relations (PR) expert in early 2009.
When changed to ㄴㅇㅇㄷㅅ, it looks like LOONA in the Latin alphabet.
When children are praised they will keep doing the behavior.
When Chilton tried to speak to the crowd, he was struck in the head by a large cobblestone, and was knocked unconscious.
When Clarisse's ship explodes, everyone thinks he is dead.
When collisions happen all of the devices have to go through a routine to resolve the conflict.
When converting back to analog, a device called a digital to analog converter (DAC) recreates the original analog signal that matches the given samples.
When Cornish people started to go to school in the late 19th century, teachers told them to speak 'proper'
When dead and preserved, it is brown with darker brown patterns on its back and legs.
When Dean Smith retired as head Basketball coach at North Carolina he had the most wins in college basketball history, second was Adolph Rupp (Kentucky) and third was Allen.
When describing his “
When Detective Conan first arrived in the United States, the name was changed to Case Closed in English for legal reasons that were never specified.
When Disney asked us to make more films, I wanted to tap into a child-like notion that was similar to Toy Story.
When displayed, the frill is 9.5-14 inches (24-34 cm) wide.
When Drive Health software reports a "Nearest T.E.C.", it should be regarded as a "Failure date".
When especially subjective symptoms are weak, the state will get worse gradually and it will start a serious problem.
Whenever a comet appeared, a king would die.
Whenever Eddie tries to outdo him, Bill usually ends up having the last laugh and rarely gets his comeuppance.
“Whenever we sent a message it was short, sweet and to the point,” Comanche code talker Roderick Red Elk noted.
When fertilizers are offered for sale, the percentage of N, P, and K must be written on the bags or boxes, but for historcal reasons, P is shown as %P2O5 and K is shown as %K2O.
When fighting Germans in March 1918, flights of Camels stopped the advancing German Army.
When George Dunning and Al Brodax, who directed and produced their cartoon series, asked the Beatles for permission to make a cartoon based on "Yellow Submarine", they agreed mostly because the cartoon would help them finish their movie contract.
When gravity begins to pull the gases together into a ball, a protostar forms.
When GRUB Stage 2 receives control, it presents an interface to the user in order to select which operating system to boot.
When Gungsong Gungtsen turned 13 (nowadays 12 as Tibet used a different calendar), his dad Gampo retired, so Gungsong ruled for five years.
When Hangeul was spreading, King Sejong published Hunminjeong'eum Haeryebon (훈민정음 해례본).
When he became King in 1936, Edward continued to use the Fort, even though he now had a much wider choice of residences to live in.
When he becomes very nervous, a comb unfolds on his head.
When he brought back the parlements, Louis said "It seems to me to be the general wish and I want to be loved."
When he came back after a short time, his fur was coloured pink.
When he came back he was full of Enlightenment, in state of Nirvana.
When he created a new product, he made the first versions over and over by hand, seeking new forms that took shape from both new and old ideas.
When he cuts the bread open he finds a nose inside.
When he decides to capture the sense, he will choose other words in the target language.
When he doesn't come, Tyler meets him in a boardroom filled with people.
When he entered the city, their commander Lucius Mummius killed all the men and sold the women and children into slavery before burning the city.
When he found the settlers faced with disaster, he judged at once what it was necessary to do, and saved the colony.
When he frees any piece from jail, the pieces placed on his HOME are captured, that is, sent to its jail, losing all their advances.
When he gets three blocks, he will be rewarded.
When he got back, he saw that the store was closed with the lights still on and his mother was missing.
When he got to the hotel, he found that it has been changed into a girls' hotel.
When he heard the news that Camille now loved another man he became so furious that he left Rome in order to return to Paris to kill them both.
When he learned the band were playing at the Cavern Club not far away, Epstein visited them there, and was impressed by their act. He found out what he needed to know to get the record, so NEMS could sell copies.
When he met her, Billie was working in the Neiman-Marcus store.
When Hera found out she was very angry with Echo.
When he realises Joey and Angie do not have the diamond, Marcus gives chase to Nick, who has been coaxed onto the roof by the police.
When he recovers and tells his wife what he saw, she is even more determined to kill Banco’s son and all his family.
When he retired, he became the assistant coach of the Adirondack Red Wings.
When he returned he found his wife having an affair with another person.
When he returned to Egypt, Moses asked the Pharaoh to let the Israelites go, but the Pharaoh refused.
When he returned to England he began work as a theatre designer and architect.
When he rides to fight with them, he is knocked off his horse.
When he used the “
When he was 13, he attended McGarvin Intermediate School in Westminster, California.
When he was 13, his mother died.
When he was 20 he left college to focus on music.
When he was a boy, he went to a summer camp "Camp Crystal Lake" where he was made bullied because of his appearance.
When he was a child, he learned basic knowledge about architecture from his father.
When he was a child he was small and weak.
When he was a ninja of Konoha, he was the most brilliant pupil of the Third Hokage, the leader of the village, and was considered to be one of the most powerful ninja of the entire village.
When he was smaller he moved to Roseau, Minnesota with his mom but decided to move to Chicago to play midget hockey it was there where he was drafted by the Blackhawks in 2003.
When he was still a little boy, he met a man named William P. Davis.
When he was young, he was traumatized by the death of his two older brothers, so much so that he became sick.
When he went to visit relatives in the Northern US, he learned that places there were integrated and served Black people and white people equally.
" When his father saw him coming, he ran along the road to put his arms around his son.
When his mother visited from Australia, she forcibly evicted Donna.
When his parents moved to Paignton he moved with them.
When Hogan's Heros was cancelled in 1972 Crane's career slowed down.
When Horowitz returned to the United States, President Ronald Reagan gave him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
When hot air rises, it creates a low pressure underneath it, and air moves in to equalize the pressure.
When Ismail was big enough, he helped his father to build the Kaaba.
When it comes out, it hardens and becomes stronger than it was before.
When it comes to making sure that your foster child feels welcomed into their new home, you would need to do more than just open the front door for them.
When it does not think it will not get it.
When it explodes the bond forms, releasing a lot of energy.
When it freezes, the ice gets larger,& pushes hard against the rock to break it.
When it hears an animal under the snow, it jumps and punches through the snow to catch its victim.
When it is a positron, it is beta plus and changes a proton into a neutron.
When it is discovered, she leaves for another farm.
When it is, it is called physical training.
When it is time to breathe out, the diaphragm relaxes again and air leaves the lungs.
When it is tuned normally, four of the instrument's six strings are part of the tonic chord.
When its young are born they spend some time growing in their mother's pouch before going into the world.
When it was discovered that he had used his casting vote in a Cabinet meeting to keep the leadership, he was forced to resign.
When it was released in 1962, critics saw the movie as a commentary on the Cold War.
When it was released, the game was praised for its writing, themes, easy-to-learn fighting system, music, and original ideas; with praise directed towards its story, dialogue, and characters.
When it was tested, the paratroopers quite liked it.
When I was about an hour away from my first gig, I still didn't have a name, so I thought "Okay, I'll be Florence Robot is a Machine", before realizing that name was so long it'd drive me mad".
When Jackson made Thriller he wanted it to be more successful than Off the Wall. Thriller won Record of the Year.
When Jews moved back to Palestine, there were some people living there now.
When John Tyler became president, Letitia Tyler was very sick.
When John was about six years old the family moved back to Kelso and then onto Teasdale Park (
When Joram saw Jehu, he said, "Is it peace, Jehu?"
When Joseph Foveaux arrived as Lieutenant Governor in 1800, he found the settlement quite run down.
When Julie calls the others, the body is missing.
When Kaworu's nature as an Angel is revealed, he again forces Shinji to kill him, saying that this way, he will remember him.
When King John set his seal on Magna Carta he conceded the fundamental principle that even as king he was not above the law.
When Labour won the 1964 election Healey was given the job of Secretary of State for Defence.
When layers are made, the bumps appear.
When Link follows him into the sewer, he finds his Uncle half-alive, and his Uncle gives Link his sword and shield before he dies.
When Lita joined, the team was known as "Team Xtreme".
When Lori Baker came to get the boy's stuff from Randy's house, he yelled at her and would not let her take some of the stuff.
When Luke brings Percy into the woods and reveals his allegiance to Kronos, he summoned a Pit Scorpion to attack Percy.
When Malcolm Fraser became leader of the Liberal Party, Gorton walked out of the party room.
When many red cells take this shape veins get blocked.
When martial law was finally lifted, the Assembly was summoned in April 1972 on the basis of the 1970 election result in the former west pakistan region.
When mating, males make loud grunting sounds.
When Mercury was eight years old, she began taking dance lessons,.
When Michelangelo died, his body was taken back to Florence and buried in the Basilica of Santa Croce (Church of the Holy Cross).
When Miyo's grandfather is murdered on sacred grounds, the Yokai are summoned and seek out the people responsible.
When more people could afford it, many more did it.
When most people talk about Linux, they not only mean "Linux" as a "distribution" or the kernel (a core of Linux).
When Mrs. Jumbo can not take the public making fun of her son, she is locked up as "mad elephant", and Dumbo finds himself all alone.
When mustard agents get on the skin, symptoms can take 2 to 48 hours to appear.
When naming by grouping, each group of the name of the group.
When Naraku uses the jewel shard to possess Kohaku, Sango resolves to save her brother.
When Neptune was discovered, there was also a lot of arguing between the French and the British.
When not talking or writing about gardening, Joe can likely be found gardening and spending time with his family, which includes numerous animals, on their Atlanta, GA farm.
When one hallucinates, they feel, hear, or see something that is not truly there.
When one of the layers embeds complex shapes, such as sequences of symbols forming a text, and another layer contains parallel lines or curves, the superimposition image may gives rise to magnified shapes, called shape moiré patterns.
When one reporter asked her whether she wanted her daughter, Margaret, to become President.
When opened, the altarpiece measures 11 by 15 feet (3.5 by 4.6 metres).
When others tried to climb into the boat it was swamped and sank.
When patients have that response, it is called the "placebo effect".
When people became aware of the wrongdoing in mental asylums, money was raised to improve the treatment of patients and the asylums.
When people do bad things, it is because their other parts have taken control away from their virtues/powers.
When people look at religion this way they see the ideas in the religion as absolute.
When people use contraception to prevent STDs and pregnancy, it may be called safe sex.
When people washed him at Dongchun (동천), his body shines and birds and beasts came to dance and sing. Also the sky and the earth shook and the sun and the moon became clear.
When people were sent to Auschwitz, the Nazis told them they were just going to another place to live.
When Percy comes back to camp, Annabeth is performing a funeral ritual for him.
When Peter died, Catherine was left to rule Russia on her own.
When plucking the strings, it is not required to attach fake-nails on one's fingers.
When populations of organisms get isolated, the sub-populations will start to differ as time goes by.
When pressed, it acted on a pressure bar inside to depress the ink sac.
When prey (plants) are numerous their predators (herbivores) increase in numbers, reducing the plant population, which in turn causes herbivore number to decline.
When purchased, it is usually cut with scissors or knife and priced by weight.
When Ramesh and Bijua get to know this, they try to use their relationship to get the truth out of Mala.
When Raven asked the Confederate Government for a diplomatic exequatur (permission to be act as consul) on 20 July 1861 he was accepted.
When Ray goes missing, Ellie goes to finish the rebooting process.
When re-released on CD in the early 90's, the group's first single ("I Will Refuse" b/w "No Bunny" 12") was added as a bonus.
When Rose told her husband that Wollheim was applying for another job, Wyn made up his mind: he hired Wollheim immediately as an editor.
When RVD won the match he merged the two titles together, and continued to hold the Intercontinental Title.
When Saldivar visited seamstresses in Mexico, Patoski page 171 Saldivar made them feel that they had to work with her or that Selena would fire them.
When she is growing after mid-month, it is a "sure token and a sign to mortal men".
When she left New York, Buck worked at Harvard until 2002.
When she married, she became Crown Princess Michiko.
When she moved overseas her first job was with jean Paul Gaultier in Paris in 2014.
When she was a 10-year-old living in South Africa, she was involved in an accident with a tractor.
When she was chosen, the Watcher's council sent a watcher to help her.
When singles sales were robust, more weight was given to a song’s retail points than to its radio airplay.
When someone tells a computer to do something, what it does is the output.
When something gets past our skin, like through a cut, our immune cells work to find the intruder and to alert each other of the foreign object.
When something has no meaning, it is "absurd".
When something heavy is lifted, additional pressure is applied on the area.
When such model is linked to a description of how to interpret the components (viewing conditions, etc.), the resulting set of colors is called "color space."
When tadpoles grow their limbs they are called "froglets".
When talking about all of them, they are known as the "A320 family" or "A32x".
When Tefnut was in the royal court, she wore a crown made of sprouting plants.
When that country broke up in 1991, North Macedonia became independent.
When the air is warmer, sea ice grows slower and melts faster.
When the algorithm first starts, there is no data in the first part as no data has been sorted yet and all the unsorted data is in the second part.
When the Allies left Berlin this military supermarket became a MediaMarkt store and carpark.
When the angle of the slope (θ) is zero, sin θ is also zero, so the body will not move.
When the Ardennes department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Vouziers was part of that original department.
When the atoms bond together, the electrons are traded between the two equally and create a very strong bond.
When the bomb reaches the bottom of the tube it hits a firing pin.
When the Bouches-du-Rhône department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Marseille was part of that original department.
When the butterfly is not using its proboscis, it is coiled up in the head.
When the camp closed in 1920, 63 people chose to stay in Japan.
When the child works alone he or she puts the conversation into his or her private speech.
When the chorus comes on, Cyrus appears shaking in the backseat of a limousine, costumed in a low-cut gold halter top, black hot pants, a black jacket with shoulder pads, and big hair.
When the Church changed its position in 1890, some people left the official Church and continued with polygamy.
When the colder air is lower (called an inversion layer), as it often is over large bodies of water or ice, the apparent direction of the mirage will be opposite that of an inferior mirage.
When the computer wakes up, the programs come back to where they were before the sleep.
When the cook Aunt Anastacia gets sick, Pete and Emilia receive a mission to find the 5 ingredients to be able to cure her, venturing through forests found with creatures of folklore.
When the country was free again, in 1865, every town with the category of "Comandancia de Armas" became a municipality.
When the cult finds out, they try to capture Ringo, and either sacrifice him to Kaili or get their ring back.
When the devas and asuras were churning the Ocean of milk in order to get Amrita, the nectar of immortality, the mount Mandara they were using as the churning staff started to sink and Vishnu took the form of a tortoise to bear the weight of the mountain.
When the Doctor activates the Time Destructor, a device that accelerates time, Sara cannot be saved.
When the document is moved, the DOI resolution system is updated with the new location of the document.
When the dogs are fully grown, he uses them to chase Snowball off the farm.
When the Drôme department was created on 17 February 1800, the arrondissement of Valence was part of that original department.
When the eclipse ends, Ozai bends lightning straight at Zuko, but Zuko simply redirects it.
When the editors could not update the magazine to appeal to enough people, Mademoiselle stopped printing.
When the egg is mature, the neck opens and sperm swims in to fertilize the egg.
When the eggs hatch, the little spiders will crawl onto the mother's back, and she will carry them along with her for days or weeks.
When the Eure-et-Loir department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Dreux was part of that original department.
When the families of the arrested rushed to the prisons after the Soviet evacuation, they were aghast to find bodies so badly mutilated that many could not be identified.
When the fighting started, it looked as though the king's army would win easily.
When the file is read, it has to be assembled from the different locations.
" when the first and fourth verses were sung.
When the first automatic weapons came out, the NRA supported laws requiring permits for them too.
When the first era was almost over, the Britannica had many people helping to write it, all having different types of skills.
When the French government said it was illegal to be Protestants, many Huguenots went to other countries.
When the gas heats up to around 30,000 degrees kelvin, the gas starts to glow.
When the geologist Henry De la Beche painted Duria Antiquior, he based it largely on fossils Anning had found.
When the gold ran out in the mid 1880s the prison buildings were acquired by the Lunacy Department as a temporary housing for the Criminally Insane.
When the Hérault department was created on 17 February 1800, the arrondissement of Béziers was part of that original department.
When the host said to start, the clock started counting up.
When the Hungarians arrived in the area, it was in ruins.
When the Hyksos left Upper Egypt, the Egyptian ruling house in Thebes set itself up as the Seventeenth Dynasty.
When the Justitia was destroyed by fire, he was moved to the Defence.
When the king returned, he mistakenly believed Haman had molested his queen, and had him hanged on the same gallows that Haman had prepared for Mordecai.
When the king says that his own son is the victim, the people are horrified.
When the learners are in new cultures, they try to make it suitable themselves to new circumstances.
When the melted wax is far from the flame, it gets hard again, and can be used again in a new candle.
When the music eventually returns to the original key it feels like a homecoming.
When the name of the group is translated into English, it usually reads Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia – People’s Army.
When the new Bundestag met on October 18, however, he failed three times to be elected.
When the Nièvre department was created on 17 February 1800, the arrondissement of Clamecy was part of that original department.
When the other four were discovered and published in the 1960s the symphonies were all renumbered.
When the park opened, a boat ride, Island Skipper Tours, took park guests around the central lagoon of Islands of Adventure.
When the patients are asleep, they cannot feel anything.
When the player also slides his or her hand under a ball that is almost touching the court, this is called a "pancake".
When the player enters a door they might switch characters.
When the player enters the blue portal, they will come out of the orange portal.
When the political situation started to change in 1989, he helped to keep the demonstrations peaceful by talking to the politicians and the people and stopping them from fighting.
When the price of this inferior good increases by a certain amount, they can no longer afford to buy the more expensive good.
When the public's demand for cash declines—after the holiday season, for example—banks find they have more cash than they need and they deposit the excess at the Fed.
When the pump is used, it pushes fluid into the cylinders, which become hard and cause an erection.
When the refrigerant changes from a liquid to a gas, it gains (absorbs) heat energy.
When there is too little riboflavin in the food, it causes what people call a primary riboflavin deficiency.
When the ritual has been performed successfully, it is often followed by a celebration.
When the round is over, the bets are then gathered into the pot.
When the sailor character disappeared from the strip afterwards, Popeye fans demanded his return, and the series later became Thimble Theater, Starring Popeye.
When the second part begins he says “.
When these oxides mix with water in the atmosphere, they make acid, which fall as precipitation.
When the Spanish invaded Peru, the Incas left Machu Picchu.
When the storm has finished everyone is happy.
When the storm was inland, it weakened to a tropical depression.
When the sun is setting, at certain times of the year, it shines through a door onto the painting and makes it blaze with light.
When the superstore gets destroyed, Peter gets his job at the brewery back and their air conditioning works again.
When the target finally got into Moscow, it was sent to Dimitrovgrad, Ulyanovsk Oblask.
When the Taser is shot, the prongs hit the person and electricity moves along the metal string to shock the person.
When the taxi has to stop at a red light and the contestant has at least $200, a "Red Light Challenge" is played.
When the train reaches the end of the second lift hill, the chain is moved down, which causes the train to roll down (as it is not attached to the chain anymore) and do the same track backwards.
When the Wadiyars took over the empire in 1612, Queen Alamelamma tried to run away with some treasure.
When the war ended in 1763 he was put on half pay.
When the war finally came in 1763, many Seneca were quick to take action.
When the weather is rainy, this frog looks for food during the day.
When the wind is not blowing or the sun is not shining, hydroelectricity can be created.
When they are included, they are usually low in the list.
When they are later separated, they keep the same quantum mechanical description or "state."
When they are ready, they line up on the starting grid in the order they qualified.
When they debuted, Hiroko was 12 years old.
When they get older, their gills are covered over by skin.
When they get smaller we also say they contract.
When they go onto land, they weaken.
When they had to travel, they wore two sets of cloth in addition known as a vasthram.
When they heard the king, they departed (went away); and behold, the star which they had seen in the East went before them, till it came and stood over where the young Child was.
When they landed in Brisbane, there were 25,000 people to greet Smith and his team.
When they landed in England, the 68th had to provide 173 men to the 61st Regiment Of Foot.
When they learned of the failure of the main attack, the French retired.
When the Yonne department was created on 17 February 1800, the arrondissement of Avallon was part of that original department.
When they oppose each other, Inuyasha becomes unconscious and Kikyo dies from her injury while keeping the Shikon Jewel (
When they used lines to get down or move to lower trees, other students did too.
When they went to the Olympics, they successfully passed the track under 1 minute, so they qualified.
When this happens, it can be by itself (called isolated premature thelarche).
When this happens it is critical to keep it pointed at the target until it fires.
When this happens people often view the world through these false patterns.
When this happens, the man feels that he cannot stop his ejaculation.
When this muscle contracts (pulls tighter), the cord gets shorter, which pulls the testicles closer to the body.
When this pressure is released, the hot water turns into steam.
When this server can be reached again, the data will again be there.
When those miners arrived there without knowing that they won't be able to see their homes again, majority of them were 13 years old to 15 years old.
When too many iron pills are taken, people (especially children) get sick.
When Tori was 21, she changed her name from Myra Ellen to Tori.
When Vermiculite has changed into small grains it is a very good material for insulation and is used to stop the escape of heat in things like ovens, furnaces and houses in cold countries.
When Wang figured out her son had autism, she did not know what to do.
When William Ellis visited in 1823, the main settlement in Hilo district was Waiākea on Hilo Bay.
When worms make holes in the soil they leave some glue in the soil.
When Wozzeck comes, they tease him by saying that Marie loves someone else.
When Yeltsin lifted price controls, a sudden increase in prices occurred (hyperinflation).
When York and the king and queen met again, on a field of truce at Blackheath in 1452, he found himself ambushed and taken prisoner while Edmund Beaufort (Somerset) was again restored to honours.
When your puppy grows up to 6 months old, you can feed the golden doodle larger meals twice a day.
Where a case may have broader implications, amicus curiae briefs are a way to introduce those concerns, so that the possibly broad legal effects of court decisions will not depend solely on the parties directly involved in the case.
Where a man has two wives the family is divided into two branches called "estates".
Whereas if you drink the herb tea, the essence extraction is already done after brewing.
", where Gaga was shown being arrested.
Where his attacks by knights and soldiers had been separate movements he now used them together.
Where it is unavailable or not wanted, the name may be written as Bad Woerishofen.
Where it is unavailable or not wanted, the name may be written as Hassfurt.
Where many calculations are done in sequence, the choice of rounding method can have a very significant effect on the result.
Where their masters allowed it, they reproduced the culture they had left behind.
Where the scientist would not be bound by petty morality.
Where we are on TV: GLAAD’s 11th Annual Diversity Study Previews the 2006-2007 Primetime Television Season.
Whether Emperor Ming actually dreamed of Golden people is debated.
Whether you play to train up players, or to try to beat your friend, you will encounter many economical and tactical barriers that will force you to expand your knowledge as a manager.
", which also reached number three in the US.
", which are a bunch of booths blocking the whole road, can be crowded.
Whichever team "wins" the jump ball gets the arrow pointed towards their goal.
", which is number one.
Which is why this old word was so appropriate in the above description.
". which means they like it.
', which was favoured by Robert Peel and most top Conservatives but was disliked by backbencher Conservative MPs.
While Abraham was mourning, for Sarah the angel appeared to him, which explains why "Abraham stood up from before his death".
While an American crocodile cannot survive in water temperatures of 7.2 °C (45.0 °F) and below.
While any form of energy may be conserved, electricity is the type most commonly referred to in connection with conservation.
While a trope page does not have to go through YKTTW before it is created, it is suggested that a page goes through the system first so that the page can be made better before it is created.
While attempting to make the world better, Chester changes it for the worse and becomes even sadder.
While Brown never gives his approval to The Nutcracker, he thinks Tchaikovsky did a remarkable job despite the "appalling limitations of the subject."
While Burton made up with his old tribe, Lil's return didn't make the other Morgan members too happy.
While doing this, they must stay hidden from people looking for them.
While filming The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, the two went to school on-set for three hours each day.
While hawkers can be found in markets, they often move their products from place to place in small carts.
While heavy water is a lot more expensive than ordinary water, it creates greatly enhanced neutron economy.
While he had been away, Norfolk had been governed by Lieutenant-Governor Robert Ross.
While he played in Germany, he was not selected Japan national team from 1977 to 1986.
While he was in St. Petersburg, Turczaninow studied the plants of the area of that city and, in 1825, he published a "List of plants of the area of Saint Petersburg" with 646 species of plants that he found.
While he was there, he helped the people who lived nearby.
While hiding certain parts of the body with hands or pieces of clothing, stripper dances around.
While his romantic relationship with Baez lasted only two years, it benefited both performers immensely in terms of their music careers.
While in custody, he confessed to killing Genovese.
While in her house, he claimed he became sick, and while in the bathroom, he heard a loud scream.
While in London, he heard Handel's Messiah, and was inspired to write two oratorios of his own, The Seasons and The Creation.
While in London Pavlova taught ballet at her home.
While in London they lived with Henry Waterhouse.
While in simulation, the player controls a member of the faction, being a collector, soldier, spy, producer, diplomat or leader of the faction itself.
While in this job, Mercouri supported Greek arts, sports, and women's rights.
While it had good weapons, it was known for being very unstable and could lose control easily.
While it is not a protected structure, it is listed in the National Inventory of Architectural Heritage but has been formally declared derelict.
While it may crystallize at normal levels, it is more likely to do so as uric acid levels increase.
While it was a technical victory for the Confederates, the Union army kept control of Missouri for the rest of the war.
While Jim secures the lifelines, he saves Silver just in time.
While Keita and his mother were in exile, the Mandinka were conquered by the Sosso Empire.
While known as King Charles XIII in Sweden, he was actually the seventh Swedish king by that name, as Charles IX (reigned 1604–1611) had adopted his numeral after studying a fictitious history of Sweden.
While Kullervo cuts the bread his knife hits the stone and breaks.
While Laura was a tropical cyclone, it never came near land, so no effects or damages happened and no one died.
While manual labor is often done with the hands, it does not always have to be—crushing grapes by walking on them is also an example of manual labor.
While most believe the white-flippered penguin is a subspecies of the little penguin, some argue that it is a different species.
While most forex is traded by large institutions, banks and corporations, there are a great many retail foreign exchange traders.
While most of the vegetation on these islands is dry forest there are small areas of rainforest on these islands too, especially in lowland areas and riverbanks on Komodo.
While neither harmed the mice on their own, the blend of the two was able to kill mice.
While others risk the chance to be angrier at them to have trust.
While outside the base, Luke is attacked by a wampa.
While Preet makes Amba the Shah of Pavaniyas others oppose her and there is a major conspiracy of Chandar in it.
While searching in a village for a Dragonball, Dodoria killed a few villagers, but before he could kill Dende, he was attacked by Krillin and Gohan.
While she was training she campaigned for better conditions for poor people in Britain.
While studying for her Master's Degree, she was a lab assistant, food inspector, and high school teacher.
; while successful, the album could not emulate the precedent set by Superunknown.
While Switzerland did not join the UN, in addition to recognizing its neutrality it was also given permanent observer status.
While that ambition proves a frustrating struggle with the difficult trio, the dream does come true after all.
While the album was not a commercial success, it is considered by some critics to be one of Pennywise's best releases, and it includes their concert staples, "Peaceful Day", "Perfect People", "Every Single Day", and "Same Old Story".
While the animated TV series, which lasted for 10 seasons until 1996, was more light-hearted, the comic book series continued in a much darker and grittier tone.
While the army was made up of trained professional soldiers, Lincoln realized he could not put down a rebellion of this size with the army he had.
While the boat was being lowered into the water, a breaking wave smashed it into the side of the ship.
While their opponent is falling, the wrestler lifts a knee up and striks the opponent in the face.
While there he served as chairman of the Conservative Party of the Yale Political Union.
While there were some problems believed to be the result of careless or disgruntled employees, there were no confirmed instances of Axis-instigated sabotage.
While the show started out a ratings success, it began drawing criticism from fans of the original ECW early on.
While the United States was getting sugar, they decided to ask for the leftover material, or molasses.
While they are gone the church catches on fire and they save some kids who are trapped inside.
While they are travelling, the Doctor and Rose realise that the words "Bad Wolf" follow them around.
While this dacquoise is based on layers of meringue japonais, it is held together with a mix of sour cream and milk and dark chocolates.
While this implies attrition warfare can be avoided, unfortunately it often cannot.
While Truman was vice president, Roosevelt never told him much about World War II.
While under study, the system was referred to as 90L Invest.
While working at CBS, he covered 27 different sports.
While working at the Campbell Soup Company he discovered a method to create condensed soup.
Whilst there he built his first computer with a soldering iron, TTL gates, an M6800 processor and an old television.
Whipped cream is used in many types of desserts.
Whitbourne has many of the facilities of a small town that has traditionally been a regional service centre.
Whiteaker was not nominated again by the Democrats in the 1862 election, and thus left office.
White flour is preferred by many people.
Whitehall is also the name of several places.
White Mountains, California Retrieved on 2008-04-17.
White often plays the aggressive 5.Ng5!
White played at a time when there were no major professional women's basketball leagues in the U.S. She was called one of the greatest female basketball players in history.
Whites' Day (and the modern carnival) began in 1912 as a new way to celebrate the Epiphany.
White Snake had been a very inward looking, reflective and low-key affair in many ways, written and recorded as it was in the aftermath of the collapse of Deep Purple."
White's strategic ideas involve control of the e5-square.
White was a frail, delicate, and very beautiful woman, but having undergone such usage as she suffered nothing but a wreck remained; it was literally covered with blows and scratches.
White women like Mrs. Bird, St. Clare’s mother, Legree’s mother, and Mrs. Shelby try to make their husbands help their slaves.
Whittington has since told the Washington Post that he and Cheney were not close friends but acquaintances and has not said if Cheney apologized.
Who Are We and Why?
Who Do You Think You Are?
Who has done many various voice roles in television shows, anime, films and video games.
Whose Line Is It Anyway?
Who's Who in Gay and Lesbian History from Antiquity to World War II.
Why Agilbert came to Northumbria at this time or who sent him is not recorded.
Why not work on a statement.
Why only the peak and the end?
Why our memory prefers what happened at the end can be explained by the recency effect.
Why three inventors?
Why Women need 498A, Economic & Political Weekly, vol.
Wichita Falls was founded on Sept. 27, 1872 when the Choctaw Indians settled the area in the early 18th century and then white settlers arrived in the 1860s to form cattle ranches.
Wichita is a cultural center for Kansas.
Wichita State Shockers (April 6, 2017).
Widescreen sets can still be any size, but they have the same widescreen shape.
Wii Sports has been featured on television in Wii commercials, news reports, and other programming.
Wii Sports was well received and got lots of awards.
Wikidata is designed so that humans and machines can read it.
Wikipedia uses materials that are notable and not original research.
Wilderness: Earth’s last wild places.
Wiley N.Y. while others prefer Kamptozoa.
Will and Jaden hope to eventually escape and go back to their alien planet.
Willcox & Gibbs commercial sewing machines are still used in the 21st century.
William Brewster lost two daughters, Fear and Patience in 1634.
William C. Gorgas, American physician and Surgeon General (d.
William George Bonin (8 January 1947-23 February, 1996) also known as The Freeway Killer was an American serial killer.
William Henry Trotter "Bucky" Bush, CStJ (July 14, 1938 – February 27, 2018) was an American businessman.
William II, count of both Holland and Zeeland, gave Nijmegen in use to Guelders in return of a loan.
William Johannsen and the genotype concept.
William John "Bill" Hughes (October 17, 1932 October 30, 2019) was an American politician.
William Miller was an American politician from the state of New York who served in the US House for 7 terms from 1951 to 1965.
William personally led his army to victory at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690.
William rested his army for five days before moving towards London.
Williams, 10. She sealed the agreement by July 1589.
Williams, 6. She had to join in a power struggle with the Rigsraad for control of King Christian.
William's claim to the throne was strong, and he was able to back it up with force.
Williams co-founded The Improviser, a journal of experimental music, in 1981.
Williams Grandchildren", though it was later changed to the current name "Sister Sledge".
Williams helped start the International Campaign to Ban Landmines (ICBL).
William's mother Queen Matilda served as Henry's regent in England while he was away in Normandy.
Williams rejoined the band in 2009, doing the Progress sessions.
Williams released her debut album The Right Stuff in 1988, which spawned the hits "The Right Stuff".
William Stanley, Jr. designed one of the first practical devices to transfer AC power efficiently between isolated circuits.
William Stryker, who hates mutants, uses this attack.
Williams was born in Millwood, New York.
William Thomas Hart (born February 4, 1929) is an American politician and lawyer.
William won, and became king of England.
Willie works at Springfield Elementary as the head janitor or groundskeeper.
Willoughby was given the very first Indigenous Australian Music Lifetime Achievement Award in 1993 for his contribution to the growth of indigenous music in Australia.
Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? is a 1957 movie.
Will the person show the same degree of care in locking the car regardless of whether there is insurance or insurance policy?
Wilson, Karen C. The Getty Center Museum quality Center's largest 'exhibit' will surely grow on visitors.
Wilson paid for recording studio time to work on songs written and performed by Manson.
Wilum Hopfrog Pugmire (May 3, 1951 – March 26, 2019) was an American horror fiction writer.
Wind blows it from the flowers on one plant to the flowers on another plant.
Windex, Simple Green and Lansky are some of the most common honing oil manufacturers.
Windham would later team with Jack Lanza which he formed the tag team, The Blackjacks with.
Windows Mobile 2003 is an second released for Windows Mobile was released for pubilc on June 23, 2003, at the CEO 2003 on 2003.
Wind shear caused Arlene to die on June 18.
Winer also made drafts of RSS 0.93, which allowed many enclosure elements per an item element, along with RSS 0.94, but those versions were cancelled after being released.
Winkler represented the United States in the World Cup Wall Chart.
Winn-Dixie was established in 1925.
Winners are decided by the general public.
Winners of the quarter-finals will play semi-finals and the winning semi-finalists will play in the final.
† Winners of the third qualifying round (Champions Path), whose identity was not known at the time of draw.
Winning authors are listed in bold.
Winnipeg: Manitoba Studies in Classical Civilization, p. 30 (TABLE 2: The Argeiad Kings).
Winston-Salem is in central North Carolina.
Winter has some snow.
Winters are cool and generally a little cloudy.
Wire and Cable as his next focus.
Wire cutters were built in to reduce the time that IDF troops took to cut down wire fences.
Wireless Air Gunners' School as well as the base for USAAF Liberator bomber squadrons.
Wisconsin State Journal, April 8, 2017.
Wismoyo Arismunandar (10 February 1940 – 28 January 2021) was an Indonesian high-ranking Army officer.
Witchcraft is the use of magical powers.
With a $20,000,000 three year contract Kyle takes the offer.
With a box-office gross of ₹ 565 million, the film was a commercial success, becoming the third-highest-grossing Indian film of the year.
With a head-to-tail length of 45 to 60 cm and a weight of 3 to 10 kg, it is one of the smaller macaques.
With an age of about 105, Granny was the oldest orca humans know of to ever live.
With an area of around convert, Al-Ahsa Oasis is the largest oasis in the world.
With a population of 4,072,292 as of the 2010 Census, Bashkortostan is the most populous republic in Russia.
With artificial sweeteners, the amount of sugar in the blood does not increase.
With a single disk, it is relatively easy to move the disk to a new system.
With a steady economy growth, the city now held more than 655,000 residents.
With a total death toll of 49 people, it is the deadliest aviation disaster to occur on Bangladeshi soil.
With a two-digit number and a two-letter name, 85 Io has the shortest designation of all minor planets.
With Austria U19 he played the UEFA U19 European Championship 2015.
With both the master and the employees assigned to the guild of their particular craft.
With brain imaging and other methods the brain can now be visualized.
With Brithenig, it is the best known example of this sort of languages.
With Cahdok and Gahdok defeated, the Bohrok Swarms are stopped and returned to their hives.
With CD sales being low, and Internet sales making only a few cents from a song, most money is made through tours and selling merchandise.
With Chester satisfied, Norm rushes to Timmy's house.
With complete disregard for his personal safety, Second Lieutenant Inouye crawled up the treacherous slope to within five yards of the nearest machine gun and hurled two grenades, destroying the emplacement.
With Dravograd, he became the runner-up of the 2003–04 Slovenian Football Cup.
With each as the angle measured from the normal of the boundary, as the velocity of light in the respective medium (SI units are meters per second, or m/s).
With each of them we share on average 25% (a quarter) of our genes.
With experience, successful responses occurred more frequently, enabling the cats to escape in less time.
With Fermi and Yukawa's papers the modern model of the atom was complete.
With five players left, Burton won a car reward and took Jon with him away from camp.
With Florence far away from the system, conditions became more favorable for development, and it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Gordon on September 11 while moving slowly westward.
With full-contact lap dances, the stripper may engage in contact with the patron, such as pressing his or her body against the patron.
With Gou as the manager and Makoto as the captain, the Iwatobi Swim Club needed one more thing to complete their team, a fourth member.
" (with greater powers than had previously been granted him under this title) at Westminster Hall.
With him was the tenor Peter Pears who was to become a lifelong friend and partner, and who was to be the inspiration for many songs and operas.
With his two other wives, West had 15 children.
Within a few years she became one of the most popular jazz artists in Poland.
Within a year they were promoted again, and the club has not been relegated again since, apart from in 1950/51 (which resulted in three seasons in the second tier).
Within Europe he has headed the Manchester operating system team on the ESPRIT-funded EDS project.
Within the DC Universe, Metropolis is one of the largest and richest cities on Earth.
Within the Southern Pacific a tropical depression is judged to have reach tropical cyclone intensity should it reach winds of 65 km/h (40 mph), and it is evident that gales are occurring at least halfway around the center.
Within the valley are four towns: Overton, Logandale, Moapa, and Glendale, Nevada.
Within the year, the long war between whites and Indians in Texas would reach its conclusion."
Within this story, Vyankatesh Madgulkar gives us an unforgettable and detailed picture of a way of living.
Within three days of their return in February 1996, both of the Majid brothers were executed.
Within three months Dürer left for Italy.
With its emphasis on early detection and prevention of problems, SPC has a distinct advantage over other quality methods, such as inspection, which apply resources to detecting and correcting problems after they have occurred.
With its name from the famous song Tumi Asbe Bole by Nachiketa Chakraborty, Tumi Asbe Bole is a poignant story of a young widow marrying her college senior for the sake of her little daughter.
With its rhetoric of "the 99%" (the people) against "the 1%" (the elite), the international Occupy movement was an example of a populist social movement.
With it will also decrease the number of components on the motherboard.
With Jurgensen, he has five children.
With just a blubber lamp for heat, an igloo could be warmer than the air outside.
With many businesses and schools closed, some people used their time off to help others.
With Master Hand, you have to hit him again and again until he dies.
With more than 88,000 employees and assets of $998 billion (as of October 31, 2018), Scotiabank trades on the Toronto and New York Exchanges.
With most contests the criteria for judging is physical appearance, plus some judgement of personality.
With much difficulty, the camp followers convinced Firuz to accept the responsibility.
With no catalyst present (black line) the reaction has a higher energy to overcome.
Without artificial drainage and flood protection, the Fens would be liable to periodic flooding, particularly in winter due to the heavy load of water flowing down from the uplands and overflowing the rivers.
Without Consent or Contract: The Rise and Fall of American Slavery W.W. Norton, 1989.
Without Cromwell's protection, Bonner got Wyatt arrested for treason.
Without help from others, he destroyed two machine gun nests.
Without judges, the rapper who receives the best response from the audience is viewed as the winner.
; without oxygen some of them ferment, some use anaerobic respiration.
Without the air, the damage meteorites do would be much greater.
Without their best driver, Tyrrell were never serious World Championship contenders again.
With over 101 million units sold, the Wii is Nintendo's highest-selling home console.
With practice, it is possible to perform step one and two right away, on picking up the chopsticks with one hand smoothly.
With pralidoxime attached to it, VX cannot keep blocking acetylcholinesterase.
With RAID different disks can be put together to get a logical disk.
With several specialty championships being exclusive to one brand, numerous wrestlers were left with no title to fight for.
With SK Sturm he won the Austrian Cup in 2010.
With some effort, the necessary movie equipment was crammed into the structure.
With ten levels of combat, which develop in both linear and non-linear ways, the way ahead is edgily unpredictable.
With the arrival of the spring weather, it would be possible to use large groups of troops and armour.
") with the best win-loss records.
With the Black Bears, Bishop was named the Rookie of the Month in the months of October 2005 and February 2006.
With the clues they have (the river, the church and the Latin phrase), George, Nico and Andre work out that the Templars are heading for Bannockburn in Scotland.
With the current administration they have returned to Ghazni city.
With the help of a small Matoran Resistance and the ancient guardian Axonn, the Toa Inika were able to free the Toa Nuva, find the temple of the mask, and battle the Piraka as well as the other creatures guarding it.
With the help of effective shutters, a fire can’t spread from room to room in a building.
With the introduction of GMDSS, the S.O.S signal is no longer used.
With their dark and gloomy sound and image, Bauhaus are generally known the first gothic rock group.
With their support the emperor could regain much of his power.
With the king's interest, the railways improved and became safer.
With the large growth of the Indian economy in the 1990s, Noida became overcrowded.
With the same goal in mind, his sister and her failed songwriter husband move in too and vie for control of the house.
With the school's help, she managed to make a "doujinshi" (self-published work mostly for beginners) manga artwork, for example, Bye-Bye Road and Star of Futile Dust.
With the second season Kevin Falls became a co-executive producer.
With these studies, Kornberg has created a picture of how DNA works.
With the Sherrills he wrote a book about his experiences called The Cross and the Switchblade (1962).
With the statue were found fragments of a sculpted chariot, sculpted horses, and a small, sculpted person, presumably the charioteer's groom.
With this, a victim can ask that the attacker be disfigured in a similar way.
With this championship, Johnson became the only driver to have won 5 championships in a row.
With this, he had to resign from his professorship at NTU.
With three satellites in fact there is still a third possible point, but that is twice as high as the satellites above the earth's surface and does not need to be reckoned with in car travel.
" with T.I. (which he produced) and released his own single, "
With voltammetry, the composition of a probe can be re-constructed by looking at the way electrical currents flow through it.
Witnesses claimed he could not have killed her at 11.30am, because he was seen 20 minutes later much farther from her house than he could have been.
Witnesses described the violence as having originated from white nationalists.
Witnesses said that Floyd was reported to plead “I can’t breathe” multiple times to the officers.
Witt was born in East Germany and began skating at the age of five.
Wodecki was mostly known for songs “Chałupy Welcome To”, citation “Lubię wracać tam, gdzie byłem”, “Zacznij od Bacha” or the Polish versions of the Maya the Honey Bee, The Gummi Bears and the soundtracks.
Wogan was a leading media personality in the UK from the late 1960s and is often referred to as a national treasure.
Woiwurrung and Boonwurrung tribes of the Kulin nation for over 40,000 years.
Wolf also serves as Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Strategy, Policy, and Plans since November 2019.
Wolfe modeled Ann Schindler, a character in his 1990 novel Castleview, in large part on Kidd.
Wolfgang Böhmer (born 27 January 1936) is a German politician (
Wolfgang still cannot find his way and calls Jessica again, and she comes to meet him.
Wolf is buried in the Zentralfriedhof (Central Cemetery) in Vienna, together with many other great composers.
Wolfson Electrostatics News pages.
Wolf’s true greatness lies in his Lieder.
Wolverine can use his healing factor to get more health.
Womack had a son and daughter by his third wife.
Women can wear a short dress or even a business suit if they like.
Women in the family with no control over the family fortune – see Bernice Kert, Abby Aldrich Rockefeller: The Woman in the Family.
Women love to go there because it has excellent clothes, shoes and jewelry shops.
Women older than age 35 have a higher risk of miscarriage than younger women.
Women sports include: Soccer, Softball, Basketball, Cross Country, Volleyball, Track and Field.
Women's satisfaction was particularly related to the assumption that most others were happy with their relationship.
Wonderful flight engine giving players the freedom to explore far and wide.
Wood is the most important natural resource of Finland.
Wood made arrangements of other composer's music, e.g.
Woodson was born to James and Eliza Riddle Woodson in Buckingham County, Virginia.
Woods was deeply involved in the affairs of the town.
Woodward lived in Thomasville until she was in the second grade, when her family moved to Marietta, Georgia.
Word on the Street: debunking the myth of a "pure" standard English: p162, 182. Basic Books.
WordPress allows users to create and edit websites through a central administrative dashboard, which includes a text editor for modifying content, menus and various design elements.
Words coming from "polis"
Words for the bottom half of female lingerie: pants (US) versus knickers, drawers or panties, but never pants!
Words or phrases used to refer to concepts associated with the Christian religion.
Words that really are opposite to each other, would be words that just cannot be put together.
Words that were used to describe people with an intellectual disability have changed a lot.
Words with Friends is a multi-player word game by Zynga.
Word Viewer 2007 was released on 26 September 2007.
Worgen : Bonus to skinning skill, may skin without skinning knife, increased shadow and nature resistance, bonus critical chance, may move faster for a short period of time (Darkflight).
Work began on the Main Building at Gosta Green.
Workers put a new road surface in the tunnel.
Workers who need to be secured of falling also usually wear this kind of harness.
Work, i.e. "weight lifted through a height", was originally defined in 1824 by Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot in his famous paper Reflections on the Motive Power of Fire.
Working closely with his brother Idris Barzani until Idris's death, Barzani and various other Kurdish groups fought the forces of the Iraqi government in Baghdad during the Iran–Iraq War.
Working Paper No. 61, United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names, United Nations.
Working together, theories predict what should happen and observations show whether the predictions work.
Working visits, work placements and job shadowing are also made available in Germany for training and education purposes, allowing a direct, practice-oriented exchange of experiences with German experts.
Work of this kind needs long-term funding, as well as grounding in both ecology and genetics.
Work on the 40-foot telescope was also supported by a grant from the king.
Work on the western highrise span was bid in October 1964 citation and commenced in 1965.
Works started in 1992 and were completed two years later.
World Championship racing calendar in 2011, following the cancellation of the season opener in Bahrain.
World map with the current political division of countries.
World of Warcraft is different than the other games because it is a MMORPG.
Worlds before Adam: the reconstruction of geohistory in the age of reform.
Wotan demands the gold.
Wotan desperately wants the ring to be given back to the Rhine Maidens (who were guardians of the gold, from which the ring was forged, in the first opera).
Wotan does not care, and even wakes the dragon up, but the dragon does not want to fight them.
WQED also became the first station to telecast classes to elementary classrooms when Pittsburgh launched the Metropolitan School Service in 1955.
Wren produced ambitious plans for rebuilding the whole area.
Write a number "1" next to your favourite candidate, a number "2" next to your second favourite, a number "3" next to your third favourite and so on.
Writer Craig Mazin began researching for the project in 2014, by reading books and government reports from inside and outside of the Soviet Union.
Writer's block has been a problem through history, but people started paying more attention to it in the 20th century.
Writing implements and accessories, from the Roman stylus to the typewriter.
Written for Children.
Written on the back of the stone is the text of the John Gillespie Magee, Jr. poem High Flight.
WSW (women who have sex with women) is the opposite of MSM.
Wu also studied the electromagnetic energy a particle gives off when it slows down.
Wubbzy!) who likes his Kickety-Kick Ball.
Wutip made a turn to the west-northwest while rapidly weakening, due to the wrong conditions.
WWE WrestleMania XXVIII was also held the stadium with a record crowd of 78,363 fans.
Wyatt Beetham Creech main (born 13 October 1946) is an American-born New Zealand politician.
Wynne served as the 14th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee before retiring on 7 October 2013.
Xanten is the only German town whose name begins with "X".
Xerxes, more commonly known as Break, he is a member of Pandora and a servant of the Rainsworth family.
Xochiquetzal, from the Codex Rios, 16th century.
X's do not determine a judge's yes or no decision.
Xuanzang faced many hazards, though.
XXIV, there were twelve, six male, six female.
XX Valeria Victrix fights with Tiberius against the Marcomanni.
Yale's John W. Hall Lecture Series in Japanese Studies was established in his memory.
Yale University Press, part 4: Problem solving.
Yamaguchi was a member of a radical group.
Yamaoka studied product design and interior design at Tokyo Art College.
Yamata-no-Orochi and the subsequent discovery of the sacred sword Kusanagi.
Yano was performing the duties of crew chief aboard the troop's command-and-control helicopter during action against enemy forces entrenched in dense jungle.
Yantras function as revelatory symbols of cosmic truths.
Yasmin Khan (Mandip Gill) is a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor.
Yates Center is served by USD 366 Woodson School District.
Yazdi and several others were arrested on 1 October 2010 in Isfahan for participating in an "illegal Friday prayer."
Year 1500 (MD) was a leap year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
Year of the Gun is a 1991 political thriller movie directed by John Frankenheimer and based on the novel of the same name by Michael Mewshaw.
Years after Dante's marriage to Gemma he met Beatrice again.
Years ago, one died and the other disappeared.
Years later, Flowers described the design and construction of these computers.
Yeghishe Charents (Soghomonian), one of the nation's favourite poets - a famous philanderer who apparently sought the USSR Kremlin's favours - produced a now famous poem called "The Message".
Yeide (2005), p. 70 The American had many more tanks.
Yeide (2005), pp. 59–60 Yeide (2005), p. 60 All of these weaknesses of the troops were made up for by the strong fortifications surrounding Aachen.
Yellow boxes show when there are races where medals are awarded.
Yellow roses show sunny feelings of joy, warmth, and sometimes welcome.
Yellow seabream are a type of fish that live in the Pacific Ocean. citation They have the scientific name Acanthopagrus latus.
Yerevan has several large public libraries, a number of museums and theaters, botanical gardens and zoos.
Yet at least one scholar identifies the source of the eventual Lancastrian downfall not as York's ambitions nearly so much as Margaret's ill-judged enmity toward York and her over-indulgence in unpopular allies.
Yet, Mount Everest is higher above sea level.
Yet others are burrowing animals, or ground-dwellers, which live in the ground.
Yet this is also a typical Nathism; a complete reversal of Vedic morals and philosophy.
Yet when he saw the apparatus, the patient showed anxiety, and accused him of wanting to give him an electric shock.
Yinsen and Stark secretly build a heavy suit of armor which they plan to use to escape.
Yogesh Gaur, commonly credited as Yogesh, (March 19, 1943 – May 29, 2020) was an Indian writer and lyricist.
Yokutkhon Kholbekova went to a World Cup event in January 2018.
Yonge published a second book of Musica transalpina which was also very influential.
Yonsei University is widely acknowledged as one of the country’s oldest, largest and top-ranked universities in Korea.
York has appeared in many movies such as; Justine, The Guru, Murder on Orient Express, Logan's Run, Fedora, True Women, Austin Powers Movie Series, and in Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
York won with the help of the Richard Neville, Earl of Warwick.
Yoshito Usui was a Japanese cartoonist.
You are able to climb Mt. Nantai from there in season.
You are to hold your fingers together, elbows straight, and contact the ball with the forearms with shoulders facing the net on impact.
You can also see the diary that she wrote.
You can help Wikipedia by adding to them.
You can look at the item at the top of the stack without removing it.
You can read the story of life as told by these fossils.
You can say most things with around 3,000 words.
You can still see the place where they camped today; it's called Jockey Hollow.
You can watch the Miracle channel.
You can win by pinfall, submission or escaping the cage by climbing over with both feet hitting the floor outside or by exiting the door with both feet hitting the floor.
You gave it national prominence and when London was attacked on 7 July 2005 you spoke for London."
You have also ‘Het Rodenbachpark’, ‘Het Collegepark’ and ‘Het Heilig Hartpark’ that are nice resting places in the city.
You have no oath registered in heaven to destroy the government, while I shall have the most solemn one to 'preserve, protect, and defend' it."
You have the right to protest.
"You'll come a-Waltzing Matilda, with me".
You may still be able to buy a new Wagon R+ if you are a European, however they sold in small numbers.
You must love yourself.
Young also had 76 career shutouts, the fourth most in history.
Young Arthur was the one to do it.
Young began to sell fiction to publications in Canada and the United States including the Saturday Evening Post and Collier's.
Young Ben and Rook enter into a fight with the villain Malware who absorbs Rook's Prototool to get new, much stronger, abilities which leads to a terrible alternative future timeline.
Young birds have small feathers, called down, which keep them warm, but cannot be used for flying.
Young caterpillars are black.
Youngest of the group.
Young has explored many different styles of music during his career, and not all his records have been popular.
Young musicians can apply to take part in the competition (in 2010 there were 120 applicants).
Young musicians play Lennon's records, and learn his music.
Young Narendra was an expert in meditation and could enter the state of samadhi very easily.
Young Newton remained with his maternal grandmother, Margery Ayscough.
Young Polar bears stay with their mothers for 1–2 years, and they become mature when they are 5–6 years old.
Young represented Canterbury at a provincial level.
Your conscience will forever be stained.
You should be aware of the status of your blood sugar like when there is a rise or a fall.
YouTuber Thomas Ridgewell then joined the series after donating.
You've got to sing. You're destined to sing."
You would weigh much less on the Moon because it is only about one-sixth the mass of Earth.
Yumplatok is spoken on the islands more than the other languages.
Yuri Temirkanov was Principal Conductor from 1976 to 1988.
Yuriy Vasilevich Shatunov, commonly anglicized as Yuri (
Yves Bonnefoy, American, African, and Old European Mythologies (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1993), p. 237 The Aesir were gods of war.
Y. zigongensis is known from four incomplete specimens.
Zabłocki died on December 5, 2020 just one day before his 90th birthday.
Zack acts selfish sometimes.
Zack is voted prom king, and Taylor wins Prom Queen with 56% the votes.
Zack, Wiki, and Johnny Style join forces with the Rose Rock Pirates and travel to Treasure Island.
Zain Javadd "Zayn" Malik (main (born 12 January 1993), who records as Zayn, is a British singer and songwriter.
Zaynab was born and raised in the ancient royal bronze casters lineage tribe located in ancient Benin Kingdom.
Zdzisław Koniuch is the founder and the president of the club.
Zebras are known for having many black and white stripes.
Zeidler, E., Nonlinear Functional Analysis and Its Applications I-V.
Zenkunen War starts in Japan.
ZenLive follows the progress made by the full Zenwalk system closely, thus mirroring the version number, and attempts to stay true to the original distribution's goals.
Zen pointed directly to the human mind to enable people to see their real nature and become buddhas.
Zentai died in Perth on December 13, 2017 of heart disease and peripheral neuropathy at the age of 96.
Zenwalk Core (~ 230 MB iso download) is a Zenwalk system built with customization in mind.
Zero is the smallest (or first) even number.
Zero mean condition implies from admissibility condition.
Zeus also forbids the gods from pursuing vengeance against them.
Zezë's river head can be found at the mountains located east of the town Krujë.
Zhou is best known as the long-time top aide to Mao Zedong.
Ziegfeld Girl is a 1941 American musical movie directed by Robert Z. Leonard and Busby Berkley.
Zimbardo concluded that certain situations can cause good people to behave in a way that they normally would not have predicted.
Zimmerman, p. 80; and Griffith, p. 125. On 8 September, after being dropped-off near Taivu by boat, Edson's men captured Tasimboko as the Japanese retreated into the jungle.
Zinc antimonide is a gray solid.
Zinc bromide is a colorless solid.
Zinc ore is normally found with copper and lead ores.
'z' is now a multiple of the "magic" number 'y' and dividing 'z' by 'y' will give a zero remainder.
Živný talks about his opera.
Zombie Land Saga won the 2019 Tokyo Anime Awards Festival award for Animation of the Year.
Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society.
Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society, 71, 1-158.
Zoraptera are minute, hemimetabolous insects superficially resembling barklice (
Zubair was a member of the Regional People's Representative Council (DPRD) of Rembang Regency from 1971 to 1978.
Zurich High School was consolidated to Palco High School in 1955.
Zürich Stock Exchange was founded in 1993.
Zwicknagel learned to ski on his own and then became a ski instructor.
Τhe exact dates are a point of debate.
ГРУ, which means Main Intelligence Directorate.
